A man in the kitchen has a question, go answer it.
look for a man in the kitchen and answer a question
Accompany Alex after meeting them.
Could you meet Alex and accompany them
After meeting Jordan at the cabinet, follow Jordan to the bedroom.
Could you meet Jordan at the cabinet , follow them , and go to the bedroom
Announce what day it is to the person lying down in the kitchen.
find a person lying down in the kitchen and say what day it is
Answer Hayden's question at the dresser
answer a question to Hayden at the dresser
Answer Hayden's question who is at the highchair.
answer a question to Hayden at the baby chair
Answer Jordan at the microwave's question
answer a question to Jordan at the microwave
Answer Jordan in the living room
go to the living room , look for Jordan , and answer a question
Answer Jordan's question at the dining table
answer a question to Jordan at the dining table
Answer Jordans question she is in the bedroom
find Jordan in the bedroom and answer a question
Answer Tracy's question after you have found her in the corridor.
find Tracy in the corridor and answer a question
Answer a question for the boy you find in the dining room.
look for a boy in the dining room and answer a question
Answer a question for the girl in the bedroom.
go to the bedroom , locate a girl , and answer a question
Answer a question for the person in the bathroom.
locate someone in the bathroom and answer a question
Answer a question for the person laying down in the living room.
find a person lying down in the living room and answer a question
Answer a question for the person standing in the dining room.
navigate to the dining room , locate a person standing , and answer a question
Answer a question for the person you find sitting in the kitchen.
find a person sitting in the kitchen and answer a question
Answer a question of the person in the dinning room.
look for a person in the dining room and answer a question
Answer taylor at the freezer
answer a question to Taylor at the freezer
Answer the a boy's question in the dining room.
go to the dining room , find a boy , and answer a question
Answer the man in the bedroom who has a question.
locate a man in the bedroom and answer a question
Answer the person in the bathroom with their arm raised's question
locate a person raising their left arm in the bathroom and answer a question
Answer the question for the boy in the living room.
go to the living room , find a boy , and answer a question
Answer the question for the girl in the dining room.
navigate to the dining room , find a girl , and answer a question
Answer the question for the person lying down in the corridor.
go to the corridor , look for a person lying down , and answer a question
Answer the question for the woman in the kitchen.
look for a woman in the kitchen and answer a question
Answer the question of a girl in the bedroom.
look for a girl in the bedroom and answer a question
Answer the question of a person standing in the corridor.
look for a person standing in the corridor and answer a question
Answer the question of the girl in the bedroom.
look for a girl in the bedroom and answer a question
Answer the question of the person in the bathroom.
go to the bathroom , locate someone , and answer a question
Answer the question of the person in the dining room.
look for a person in the dining room and answer a question
Answer the question of the person lying in the kitchen
go to the kitchen , look for a person lying down , and answer a question
Answer the question of the person waving in the kitchen.
look for a person waving in the kitchen and answer a question
Answer the question the perosn in the kitchen is asking.
find a person in the kitchen and answer a question
Answer the question the person in the dining room has.
look for a person in the dining room and answer a question
Approach the person lying down in the kitchen and tell them the time.
go to the kitchen , find a person lying down , and tell the time
Are there noodles in the kitchen
look for the noodles in the kitchen
Ask a question of a person that is standing in the dining room
navigate to the dining room , locate a person standing , and answer a question
Ask that person sitting in the kitchen a question
go to the kitchen , find a person sitting , and answer a question
Ask the man in the corridor, who's raising his right arm, what day it is.
go to the corridor , locate a person raising their right arm , and say what day it is
Ask the person in the living room there name then tell me what it is
Tell me the name of the person in the living room
At the baby chair bring Jordan the soap
bring the soap to Jordan at the baby chair
At the right of the beer from the fireplace is an object, please hand it over to me.
give me the object at the right of the beer from the fireplace
Atop the dishwasher, which item is the skinniest?
Tell me what's the thinnest objects on the dishwasher
Bring Hayden to the desk
Please guide Hayden to the desk
Bring Hayden to the freezer.
Could you please take Hayden to the freezer
Bring Jamie from the dining table to the side table.
Could you please lead Jamie from the dining table to the side table
Bring Michael from the center table to the dining table
take Michael to the dining table , you will find them at the center table
Bring Michael the cereal at the cutlery drawer
deliver the cereal to Michael at the cutlery drawer
Bring Payton from the shower to the dining room.
follow Peyton from the shower to the dining room
Bring Peyton the apple from the cabinet, he's at the towel rack
take the apple from the cabinet and bring it to Peyton at the towel rack
Bring Peyton to the counter.
guide Peyton to the counter
Bring a fork to me.
give me the fork
Bring me chocolate.
deliver me the chocolate
Bring me right most object from the nightstand.
Could you please bring me the right most object from the nightstand
Bring me some pasta dear robot.
Robot please give pasta to me
Bring me the apple.
give the apple to me
Bring me the biggest objects that are on the side table
Could you bring me the biggest objects from the side table
Bring me the biggest thing from the cabinet.
bring me the largest object from the cabinet
Bring me the biggest things in the sink
Please bring me the largest objects from the sink
Bring me the bowl that is on the baby chair
give me the bowl from the baby chair
Bring me the chips from the dresser.
grasp the chips from the dresser and bring it to me
Bring me the chips on the dresser please
grasp the chips from the dresser and bring it to me
Bring me the chips that are on the dresser.
grasp the chips from the dresser and bring it to me
Bring me the choco flakes out of the cabinet.
go to the cabinet , find the choco flakes , and deliver it to me
Bring me the count of how many people are seated in the living room.
Tell me how many people in the living room are sitting
Bring me the heaviest item on the chair
Could you please bring me the heaviest object from the chair
Bring me the heaviest object from the toilet.
Could you give me the heaviest object from the toilet
Bring me the heaviest object in the cutlery drawer.
Could you give me the heaviest object from the cutlery drawer
Bring me the heaviest object on the coffee table.
Could you please give me the heaviest objects from the coffee table
Bring me the heaviest objects from the towel rack.
Could you give me the heaviest objects from the towel rack
Bring me the item that is above the knife on the dresser.
Could you please bring me the object above the knife from the dresser
Bring me the item that is behind the chocolate on the counter.
Robot please give me the object behind the chocolate from the counter
Bring me the item to the left of the washing machine
Robot please bring me the left most object from the washing machine
Bring me the largest object in that cupboard.
Robot please give me the biggest object from the cupboard
Bring me the largest object you find in the cabinet
Could you please give me the largest object from the cabinet
Bring me the lightest objects from the sofa
Could you bring me the lightest objects from the sofa
Bring me the lightest objects on the sofa.
Robot please give me the lightest objects from the sofa
Bring me the object above the peach on the counter.
Could you give me the object above the peach from the counter
Bring me the object on the right side of the counter
Could you please bring me the right most object from the counter
Bring me the object on the right side of the stove
Robot please bring me the right most object from the stove
Bring me the object on the side table that's above the shampoo
Could you please give me the object above the shampoo from the side table
Bring me the pasta on the table
bring me the pasta from the nightstand
Bring me the rightmost object on the stove
Robot please bring me the right most object from the stove
Bring me the shampoo from the sink.
grasp the shampoo from the sink and bring it to me
Bring me the smallest object from the bar
Robot please give me the smallest objects from the bar
Bring me the smallest object on the coffee table
Robot please bring me the smallest object from the coffee table
Bring me the smallest objects from the sofa.
Could you please give me the smallest objects from the sofa
Bring me the smallest objects in the sink
Could you give me the smallest objects from the sink
Bring me the smallest things from the dresser thanks
Could you please bring me the smallest objects from the dresser
Bring me the soap
Please deliver me the soap
Bring me the thing on the left on that middle table.
Could you please bring me the left most object from the center table
Bring me the thing on top of the tea from the tub
Could you bring me the object on top of the tea from the bathtub
Bring me the thing under the napkin from the armchair.
Please bring me the object under the napkin from the armchair
Bring me the thinnest item from the clothes washer
Please give me the thinnest object from the washing machine
Bring me the thinnest object from the sink
Could you please give me the thinnest object from the sink
Bring me to the person sitting in the dinning room and answer the question
navigate to the dining room , find a person sitting , and answer a question
Bring me what's above the cereal in the fridge
Could you please bring me the object above the cereal from the fridge
Bring me whatever is on top of the fork in the dresser
Could you please bring me the object on top of the fork from the dresser
Bring the bag to the person in the dining room
Could you please bring bag to the pointing to the right person in the dining room
Bring the big dish to Morgan by the freezer
deliver the big dish to Morgan at the freezer
Bring the choco flakes to the fireplace.
take the choco flakes and put it on the fireplace
Bring the coke from the hall to the table
get the coke from the corridor to the center table
Bring the coke from the side table to Jamie at the counter
go to the side table , find the coke , and bring it to Jamie at the counter
Bring the cookies off of the towel rack to Peyton at the cutlery drawer
take the cookies from the towel rack and give it to Peyton at the cutlery drawer
Bring the fork to me please
give me the fork
Bring the fork to the microwave
Could you please bring the fork to the microwave
Bring the glass that is in the bedroom to the sink.
get the glass from the bedroom to the sink
Bring the heaviest objects on the towel rack to me.
Please bring me the heaviest objects from the towel rack
Bring the knife to me.
Could you bring me the knife
Bring the mug to me.
give me the mug
Bring the napkin to the person that is on the left in the bathroom.
Could you bring napkin to the pointing to the left person in the bathroom
Bring the objects in the shower to the stove
Could you accompany the objects from the shower to the stove
Bring the pasta from the coffee table over to Taylor who is at the stove.
pick up the pasta from the coffee table and give it to Taylor at the stove
Bring the peach to the bathtub from the microwave.
take the peach from the microwave to the bathtub
Bring the soap to the nightstand
Could you get the soap to the nightstand
Bring this banana to Tracy
Could you deliver banana to Tracy
Bring to me the left most object from the tv couch
Could you please bring me the left most object from the tv couch
Can I have the big dish
bring me the big dish
Can you bring me cookies from the sink?
give me the cookies from the sink
Can you bring me the biggest thing on the counter
Please bring me the largest object from the counter
Can you bring me the choco flakes
Could you please give me the choco flakes
Can you bring me the lightest item in the microwave?
Could you give me the lightest objects from the microwave
Can you come to Peyton and lead them.
Could you meet Peyton and accompany them
Can you count how many cokes there are on the freezer?
Robot please Tell me how many coke there are on the freezer
Can you count how many people are lying down in the corridor?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are lying down
Can you count the smallest things on the stove.
Please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the stove
Can you fetch the skinniest item from the sink please
Could you please give me the thinnest object from the sink
Can you find out how many glasses there are in the cupboard
Please Tell me how many glass there are on the cupboard
Can you find the glass inside the bathroom?
Could you locate the glass in the bathroom
Can you find the lightest objects from the washing machine and give it to me?
Could you please bring me the lightest objects from the washing machine
Can you get the knife to Robin?
Could you deliver knife to Robin
Can you give me the item above the shampoo from the side table
Could you please give me the object above the shampoo from the side table
Can you go to the bar and give me the smallest objects?
Robot please give me the smallest objects from the bar
Can you go to the corridor and find the beer
Could you please look for the beer in the corridor
Can you go to the dresser and get the object behind the apple for me.
Could you bring me the object behind the apple from the dresser
Can you go to the freezer, find the napkin and hand it to me please.
give me the napkin from the freezer
Can you hand me that thing above the peach that's on the counter?
Could you give me the object above the peach from the counter
Can you identify how many people are there in the living room, standing?
Tell me how many people in the living room are standing
Can you identify the gender of the person at the dining room?
Tell me the gender of the person at the dining room
Can you identify the pose of the person in the living room?
Tell me the pose of the person in the living room
Can you identify the three smallest objects from the stove?
Could you tell me which are the three smallest objects on the stove
Can you identify the three thinnest objects from the sink?
tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the sink
Can you list the three largest objects on the cabinet?
Could you tell me which are the three largest objects on the cabinet
Can you list the three thinnest objects on the dishwashing area?
Please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the dishwasher
Can you meet Jamie at the side table and lead them to the dining table.
Could you go to the side table , meet Jamie , and follow them to the dining table
Can you please fetch the large object from the tv couch
Could you please bring me the heaviest object from the tv couch
Can you please find the lightest object in the freezer and bring it to me?
Could you bring me the lightest object from the freezer
Can you please get the big dish and put it in the shower?
take the big dish and put it on the shower
Can you please get the pickles and give them to Alex
Could you bring pickles to Alex
Can you please hand me the thing on the far right on my nightstand?
Could you please bring me the right most object from the nightstand
Can you please identify the heaviest object on the cupboard?
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the cupboard
Can you please meet Jamie at the shower and follow her to the bathroom.
Could you please go to the shower , meet Jamie , and follow them to the bathroom
Can you please place the cereal to the bathroom cabinet.
Could you bring the cereal to the bathroom cabinet
Can you please pour some cereal into my bowl
Pour some cereals into the bowl
Can you please take the knife from the bed and put it in the kitchen drawer?
Could you please get the knife from the bed to the cutlery drawer
Can you please to the washing machine and tell me what the three biggest objects are
Could you tell me which are the three biggest objects on the washing machine
Can you pour cereal in the bowl.
Robot please Pour some cereals into the bowl
Can you take the pasta out of the freezer and put it on the center table
navigate to the freezer , look for the pasta , and put it on the center table
Can you tell me what are the three smallest objects on the fireplace
Robot please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the fireplace
Can you tell me what the three largest objects on the dresser are?
Robot please tell me which are the three largest objects on the dresser
Can you tell the largest objects at the bathroom cabinet?
give me the largest objects from the bathroom cabinet
Carefully pick up the napkin from the nightstand and carry it to the cabinet.
Could you please grasp the napkin from the nightstand to the cabinet
Come into the dining room please
Please go to the dining room
Could I please have that pasta, Robot?
Robot please give pasta to me
Could you bring me the object right next to the baby chair
Could you please bring me the right most object from the baby chair
Could you go the side table and bring me the largest objects that are on it?
Could you bring me the biggest objects from the side table
Count how many people in the kitchen are sitting and tell me how many that is.
Tell me how many people in the kitchen are sitting
Count the beers on the toilet and tell me how many are there.
Tell me how many beer there are on the toilet
Count the number of  boys in the living room.
Tell me how many people in the living room are boys
Count the number of sitting people in the living room
Tell me how many people in the living room are sitting
Count the objects in the freezer and tell me the result
Tell me how many objects there are on the freezer
Count the objects on the baby chair and come tell me.
Tell me how many objects there are on the baby chair
Count the objects on the sink and tell me what the total is.
Tell me how many objects there are on the sink
Count the people lying down in the living room
Tell me how many people in the living room are lying down
Count the people sitting in the living room
Tell me how many people in the living room are sitting
Count the people who are standing in the corridor and tell me the number.
Tell me how many people in the corridor are standing
Cruise to the dining room, find the person on the right of the room, and answer their questions
navigate to the dining room , look for a person pointing to the right , and answer a question
Cruise to the dining room, find the person standing, and answer to his command
navigate to the dining room , locate a person standing , and answer a question
Deliver me chocolate
deliver me the chocolate
Deliver me the item behind the apple from the dresser
Could you bring me the object behind the apple from the dresser
Detail the largest object located on the cutlery drawer
Tell me what's the largest object on the cutlery drawer
Detail the largest object on the cutlery drawer
Tell me what's the biggest object on the cutlery drawer
Detail the three largest objects located on the microwave.
Robot please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the microwave
Detail the three lightest objects located on the armchair.
tell me which are the three lightest objects on the armchair
Direct Peyton to the sink from the dishwasher.
lead Peyton from the dishwasher to the sink
Escort Michael until reaching the counter.
lead Michael to the counter
Explain something about yourself to someone in the dining room.
look for someone in the dining room and tell something about yourself
FIND A FEMALE PERSON AND NAVIGATE HER TO THE BATHROOM AND ANSWER A QUESTION
navigate to the bathroom , look for a female person , and answer a question
FIND THE BOY IN DINING ROOM AND TELL THE TIME.
locate a boy in the dining room and say the time
FIND THE PERSON LYING DOWN IN THE LIVING ROOM AND ANSWER A QUESTION.
go to the living room , locate a person lying down , and answer a question
FInd the girl in the dining room and say a joke.
go to the dining room , find a girl , and tell a joke
Fill a bowl with cereal
Pour some cereals into the bowl
Find Alex and bring the pickles for them.
Could you bring pickles to Alex
Find Alex and go with him.
Could you meet Alex and accompany them
Find Alex at the cabinet and bring them to the baby chair
meet Alex at the cabinet and escort them to the baby chair
Find Alex at the microwave and bring him here.
meet Alex at the microwave , follow them , and guide them back
Find Alex at the microwave go with them and come back
meet Alex at the microwave , follow them , and guide them back
Find Alex in the bathroom and tell him the day of the week
look for Alex in the bathroom and tell the day of the week
Find Alex in the corridor and tell him what day it is
locate Alex in the corridor and tell what day it is
Find Alex out in the hallway and tell them what day it is.
locate Alex in the corridor and tell what day it is
Find Hayden in the diningroom to tell him the day of the week
look for Hayden in the dining room and say what day it is
Find Jamie at the cabinet and then follow them and show them back
Please meet Jamie at the cabinet , follow them , and guide them back
Find Jamie at the nightstand and answer his question.
answer a question to Jamie at the nightstand
Find Jamie at the shower and follow all to the bathroom.
Could you please go to the shower , meet Jamie , and follow them to the bathroom
Find Jamie at the tv couch and lead them to the stove
accompany Jamie to the stove , you can find them at the tv couch
Find Jordan at the cutlery drawer and tell her something about yourself
tell something about yourself to Jordan at the cutlery drawer
Find Jordan at the silverware drawer and give them the apple.
deliver the apple to Jordan at the cutlery drawer
Find Jordan in the living room and answer his question.
go to the living room , look for Jordan , and answer a question
Find Michael in the bathroom and inform them what day it is.
navigate to the bathroom , locate Michael , and tell what day it is
Find Morgan at the freezer and go with him to the dining room
Please go to the freezer , meet Morgan , and follow them to the dining room
Find Morgan in the living room and then tell a joke.
navigate to the living room , look for Morgan , and say a joke
Find Morgan in the toilet and lead him.
Please go to the toilet , meet Morgan , and lead them
Find Peyton at the freezer and go with him to the bedroom
Robot please meet Peyton at the freezer , follow them , and go to the bedroom
Find Robin near the tv and give her the sponge.
give to Robin at the tv couch the sponge from the counter
Find Robing at the counter and escort them back while following them.
Could you please meet Robin at the counter , follow them , and escort them back
Find Taylor at the center table and take them to the sofa.
go to the center table , meet Taylor , and escort them to the sofa
Find Taylor in the bathroom and state what day it is
go to the bathroom , locate Taylor , and say what day it is
Find Taylor in the hallway and answer his question
locate Taylor in the corridor and answer a question
Find Tracy in the bathroom and answer her question.
navigate to the bathroom , locate Tracy , and answer a question
Find Tracy in the living room, and say what day it is
go to the living room , find Tracy , and say what day it is
Find Tracy in the shower and tell her something about yourself.
tell something about yourself to Tracy at the shower
Find a boy in the bedroom and say something about yourself.
go to the bedroom , locate a boy , and say something about yourself
Find a boy in the living room and answer his question.
go to the living room , find a boy , and answer a question
Find a female in the dining area and respond to an inquiry.
look for a woman in the dining room and answer a question
Find a female person in the living room and answer a question
go to the living room , find a female person , and answer a question
Find a girl at the dining room and tell her what day it is.
go to the dining room , locate a girl , and say what day it is
Find a girl in the dining room and tell me the date.
go to the dining room , locate a girl , and say what day it is
Find a girl in the kitchen and tell her what time it is
find a girl in the kitchen and tell the time
Find a guy in the bedroom and answer his question.
locate a male person in the bedroom and answer a question
Find a human in the food preparation room and announce the date.
look for someone in the kitchen and say what day it is
Find a man in the livingroom and tell him about yourself
go to the living room , find a man , and say something about yourself
Find a person in the bedroom and give the time.
look for a person in the bedroom and say the time
Find a person in the living room and answer their question
go to the living room , look for a person , and answer a question
Find a person sitting in the kitchen and answer a question.
navigate to the kitchen , find a person sitting , and answer a question
Find a standing person at the living room and tell them what day it is.
navigate to the living room , find a person standing , and say what day it is
Find a woman in the bathroom and tell her a joke.
go to the bathroom , look for a woman , and tell a joke
Find and follow Tracy.
Robot please follow Tracy
Find bathroom with a person waving and tell something about yourself.
find a person waving in the bathroom and tell something about yourself
Find female in dining room and answer question.
find a female person in the dining room and answer a question
Find out the name of the person  by the chair.
Tell me the name of the person at the chair
Find out what pose the person is in the dining room and let me know.
Tell me the pose of the person in the dining room
Find person in bedroom with raised right arm and answer question.
answer a question to the person raising their right arm in the bedroom
Find person in kitchen and answer question.
find a person in the kitchen and answer a question
Find someone at the dining room and answer
locate someone in the dining room and answer a question
Find someone in the bathroom and inform them of the time.
go to the bathroom , find someone , and tell the time
Find someone in the bathroom to answer a question
locate someone in the bathroom and answer a question
Find someone in the bedroom and answer their question.
navigate to the bedroom , locate someone , and answer a question
Find someone in the corridor and answer their question.
go to the corridor , look for someone , and answer a question
Find someone in the kitchen and give the answer to a question
look for someone in the kitchen and answer a question
Find someone in the kitchen who is sitting and answer a question.
go to the kitchen , find a person sitting , and answer a question
Find someone in the living room and say what day it is today.
navigate to the dining room , locate someone , and say what day it is
Find someone who is in the corridor and answer a question.
go to the corridor , look for someone , and answer a question
Find someone who's in the dining room and tell them something about you.
look for someone in the dining room and tell something about yourself
Find the apple that is in the dining room.
locate the apple in the dining room
Find the banana and bring it to the desk.
Could you please bring the banana to the desk
Find the bathroom and have Tracy answer a question
navigate to the bathroom , locate Tracy , and answer a question
Find the bathroom cabinet, then find the peach, and set it in the drawer
go to the bathroom cabinet , locate the peach , and put it on the drawer
Find the bathroom. get Tracy, speak about yourself
go to the bathroom , look for Tracy , and say something about yourself
Find the bedroom and tell the girl what day it is
navigate to the bedroom , look for a girl , and say what day it is
Find the beer in the living room
locate the beer in the living room
Find the biggest item from the cabinet and bring it to me.
bring me the largest object from the cabinet
Find the biggest object on the counter and bring it over to me
Please bring me the largest object from the counter
Find the biggest objects at the coffee table and give it to me.
Could you bring me the biggest objects from the coffee table
Find the boy in the living room and answer his question
go to the living room , find a boy , and answer a question
Find the coke in the bedroom and bring it to the bookshelf.
take the coke from the bedroom to the bookshelf
Find the cookies in the kitchen.
look for the cookies in the kitchen
Find the dresser and bring me the object that is under the tea spoon.
give me the object under the tea spoon from the dresser
Find the girl in the kitchen, and tell her what day it is
go to the kitchen , find a girl , and tell the day of the week
Find the glass in the bathroom
locate the glass in the bathroom
Find the hallway and the woman in it.  Tell her something about you.
go to the corridor , find a woman , and tell something about yourself
Find the heaviest object on the tv couch and bring it over here
Could you please bring me the heaviest object from the tv couch
Find the item behind the bowl from the drawer and give it to me.
Robot please give me the object behind the bowl from the drawer
Find the item the weights them most on the bed and bring it to me.
Could you please bring me the heaviest object from the bed
Find the lady in the kitchen and answer her question
look for a female person in the kitchen and answer a question
Find the largest item from the counter and let me have it.
bring me the biggest object from the counter
Find the lightest objects on the bar and say what are they.
Tell me what's the lightest objects on the bar
Find the male in the bedroom and ask him a question.
go to the bedroom , locate a male person , and answer a question
Find the male in the corridor and answer his question
go to the corridor , find a male person , and answer a question
Find the man in the bathroom and tell him something about yourself.
find a male person in the bathroom and say something about yourself
Find the man in the bedroom and answer
locate a male person in the bedroom and answer a question
Find the man in the middle of the dining room and tell him the day
locate a man in the dining room and say what day it is
Find the nightstand and identify the three largest objects placed there.
Could you tell me which are the three largest objects on the nightstand
Find the object furthest to the left from the bathroom cabinet and bring it to me.
Please give me the left most object from the bathroom cabinet
Find the object that is under the knife on top of the washing machine and give it to me.
Please give me the object under the knife from the washing machine
Find the objects in the dining room please?
locate the objects in the dining room
Find the pasta in the bathroom.
locate the pasta in the bathroom
Find the peach in the bathroom
locate the peach in the bathroom
Find the person at the chair and tell me their name.
Tell me the name of the person at the chair
Find the person in the bathroom and tell them the day
locate a person standing in the bathroom and say the day of the week
Find the person in the bedroom raising their left arm and give them an apple.
Please give apple to the raising their left arm person in the bedroom
Find the person in the dining room and respond to their question
locate a person sitting in the dining room and answer a question
Find the person in the kitchen and tell them what day it is.
locate a person in the kitchen and say what day it is
Find the person in the living room and answer a question.
go to the living room , look for a person , and answer a question
Find the person in the living room and say a joke
go to the dining room , locate a person , and say a joke
Find the person lying down in the corridor and tell them the day of the week.
go to the corridor , look for a person lying down , and say the day of the week
Find the person lying down in the kitch and inform them of the time.
go to the kitchen , find a person lying down , and tell the time
Find the person lying in the corridor and answer a question
go to the corridor , look for a person lying down , and answer a question
Find the person lying in the living toom and answer a question.
navigate to the living room , find a person lying down , and answer a question
Find the person raising their right arm in the living room and tell them which day of the week it is.
go to the living room , locate a person raising their right arm , and tell the day of the week
Find the person sitting in the kitchen and answer their question.
go to the kitchen , find a person sitting , and answer a question
Find the person standing in the bedroom and tell that person something about yourself.
go to the bedroom , find a person standing , and tell something about yourself
Find the person standing in the dining room and answer a question.
navigate to the dining room , locate a person standing , and answer a question
Find the person standing in the kitchen and answer a question.
navigate to the kitchen , look for a person standing , and answer a question
Find the person that is raising their right arm in the living room and answer their question.
go to the living room , look for a person raising their right arm , and answer a question
Find the person waving from the corridor and joke
go to the corridor , locate a person waving , and tell a joke
Find the person waving from the kitchen and answer
look for a person waving in the kitchen and answer a question
Find the person who is in the hallway and announce what day of the week today is.
locate a person sitting in the corridor and say the day of the week
Find the person who is pointing to the right in the dining room and answer a question.
navigate to the dining room , look for a person pointing to the right , and answer a question
Find the person who is waving their hand in the bathroom and tell her something about you
find a person waving in the bathroom and tell something about yourself
Find the pickles near the desk and bring them to me
go to the desk , find the pickles , and give it to me
Find the prson raising their left arm in the corridor and tell them wha time it is.
go to the corridor , look for a person raising their left arm , and say the time
Find the shampoo
locate the shampoo in the bathroom
Find the shampoo and bring it to me.
Please bring me the shampoo
Find the small dish in the bathrub and take it to Robin at the cabinet
go to the bathtub , find the small dish , and deliver it to Robin at the cabinet
Find the smallest object from the dish washing area and give it to me.
Please bring me the smallest object from the dishwasher
Find the sponge from the kitchen
look for the sponge in the kitchen
Find the thinnest object on the sink and tell me what it is.
Tell me what's the thinnest object on the sink
Find the three lightest items in the freezer and tell me what they are.
tell me which are the three lightest objects on the freezer
Find the three smallest objects on the fireplace
Robot please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the fireplace
Find the woman in the bathroom and joke
look for a woman in the bathroom and say a joke
Find the woman in the bedroom and find the time.
look for a woman in the bedroom and tell the time
Find the woman in the kitchen and answer
look for a woman in the kitchen and answer a question
Find three items in the room
Robot please locate three objects in the bedroom
Find three objects that are in the bedroom.
Could you please locate three objects in the bedroom
Find way to the living room and find the person laying down and answer a question.
navigate to the living room , locate a person lying down , and answer a question
Find your way to the bedroom,locate someone and answer
navigate to the bedroom , locate someone , and answer a question
Find your way to the dining room and find someone and say a joke.
navigate to the dining room , locate someone , and say a joke
Follow Jamie from the shower to the bathroom, please.
Could you please go to the shower , meet Jamie , and follow them to the bathroom
Follow Morgan, he's at the bar
navigate to the bar , meet Morgan , and follow them
Follow Taylor
Please follow Taylor
Follow Tracy to the corridor after meeting them at the cabinet
meet Tracy at the cabinet and follow them to the corridor
Follow Tracy.
Robot please follow Tracy
Follow the object that is at the center table.
Could you please navigate to the center table , meet the objects , and follow it
Follow the objects on the coffee table
Robot please go to the coffee table , meet the objects , and follow it
GET ME THE BOX FROM THE DISHWASHER.
give me the box from the dishwasher
GET THE BAG FROM THE MICROWAVE AND GIVE IT TO ALEX AT THE DINING TABLE.
give to Alex at the dining table the bag from the microwave
GO to dining room and find a person, then tell a joke
navigate to the dining room , locate someone , and tell a joke
GO to the living room and find a girl. Then answer a question.
navigate to the living room , locate a girl , and answer a question
Get 3 items from the dining room
Please find three objects in the dining room
Get a bowl and put some cereals in it.
Pour some cereals into the bowl
Get a knife out of the dishwasher, go to the bar, and give it to Jordan
pick up the knife from the dishwasher and deliver it to Jordan at the bar
Get me a knife please
Could you bring me the knife
Get me a tea spoon from the cutlery drawer.
navigate to the cutlery drawer , look for the tea spoon , and give it to me
Get me the heaviest objects from the coffee table
Could you please give me the heaviest objects from the coffee table
Get me the item on the left of the fridge.
Robot please give me the left most object from the fridge
Get me the knife
Could you bring me the knife
Get me the largest item from the cuboard
Robot please give me the biggest object from the cupboard
Get me the left most object from the center table
Could you please bring me the left most object from the center table
Get me the lightest object from the coffee table
Could you give me the lightest object from the coffee table
Get me the milk from the microwave.
give me the milk from the microwave
Get me the mug that is on the stove.
take the mug from the stove and give it to me
Get me the object at the right of the chocolate
Could you give me the object at the right of the chocolate from the baby chair
Get me the object on top of the tea spoon at the cabinet
Could you bring me the object on top of the tea spoon from the cabinet
Get me the object that is on the counter behind the chocolate.
Robot please give me the object behind the chocolate from the counter
Get me the shampoo from the bookshelf
navigate to the bookshelf , find the shampoo , and deliver it to me
Get the apple and put it on the side table
Please place the apple on the side table
Get the banana in the cutlery drawer and put it on the tv couch
Could you pick up the banana from the cutlery drawer to the tv couch
Get the biggest item from the cabinet for me
bring me the largest object from the cabinet
Get the bowl from the bedroom and take it to the cabinet.
bring the bowl from the bedroom to the cabinet
Get the cereal from the armchair.
Robot please go to the armchair , meet the cereal , and follow it
Get the cereal from the sofa and give it to me.
bring me the cereal from the sofa
Get the dishwasher prickles
bring the pickles to the dishwasher
Get the knife out of the dishwasher and bring it to Jordan at the bar.
pick up the knife from the dishwasher and deliver it to Jordan at the bar
Get the pickles and give it to Taylor at the baby chair.
give the pickles to Taylor at the baby chair
Get the pringles in the bedroom and put them in the fireplace
get the pringles from the bedroom to the fireplace
Get the shampoo and bring it to me.
Please bring me the shampoo
Get the soap in the sink and bring it to the towel rack
Please escort the soap from the sink to the towel rack
Get the teaspoon from the cupboard and give it to me.
bring me the tea spoon from the cupboard
Get the toothpaste for me
bring the toothpaste to me
Get the toothpaste on the bookshelf and take it to Peyton at the bathtub.
go to the bookshelf , find the toothpaste , and deliver it to Peyton at the bathtub
Get the tuna fish from the couch and bring it to Hayden near the microwave.
get the tuna fish from the sofa and give it to Hayden at the microwave
Get to the dining room, look for a girl, reply to a question
go to the dining room , find a girl , and answer a question
Get to the dinning room,find Robin and say what day it is
go to the dining room , locate Robin , and say what day it is
Give Hayden the shampoo in the baby chair
give the shampoo to Hayden at the baby chair
Give Hayden the tuna that is on the sofa, he is by the microwave.
get the tuna fish from the sofa and give it to Hayden at the microwave
Give Jordan the knife from the dish washer
pick up the knife from the dishwasher and deliver it to Jordan at the bar
Give Michael a teaspoon.
Please give tea spoon to Michael
Give chips to person in bedroom who is waving.
give chips to the waving person in the bedroom
Give me a tray from the dining table.
bring me the tray from the dining table
Give me the apple.
give the apple to me
Give me the biggest thing on the armchair.
Could you give me the biggest objects from the armchair
Give me the heaviest thing in the cutlery drawer.
Could you give me the heaviest object from the cutlery drawer
Give me the item from the chair that is on top of the chips.
give me the object above the chips from the chair
Give me the item on the left hand side of the soap from the sofa
Please bring me the object at the left of the soap from the sofa
Give me the item on the right of the chocolate from the babyseat
Could you give me the object at the right of the chocolate from the baby chair
Give me the item that is the furthest to the left in the cabinet in the bathroom
Please give me the left most object from the bathroom cabinet
Give me the largest items on top of the washing machine.
Could you bring me the largest objects from the washing machine
Give me the largest objects from the armchair.
Could you give me the biggest objects from the armchair
Give me the names of the biggest things you see on the bathroom cabinet
Tell me what's the largest objects on the bathroom cabinet
Give me the object on the baby chair which is left of the melon.
bring me the object at the left of the melon from the baby chair
Give me the sponge
bring me the sponge
Give taylor the pasta from the coffee table. She's at the stove
pick up the pasta from the coffee table and give it to Taylor at the stove
Give the apple to the person in the room who is raising their left arm.
Please give apple to the raising their left arm person in the bedroom
Give the bown to the person in the living room waving.
Please deliver bowl to the waving person in the living room
Give the melon to the person in the bedroom who is raising their right arm
deliver the melon to the person raising their right arm in the bedroom
Give the side bag at the night stand to the Taylor at the side table
get the bag from the nightstand and deliver it to Taylor at the side table
Go after Taylor please
Please follow Taylor
Go and find the heaviest object from the tv couch and give it to me.
Could you please bring me the heaviest object from the tv couch
Go answer a question from a girl in the dining room.
go to the dining room , find a girl , and answer a question
Go bring me the largest item from the coffee table.
Could you bring me the biggest objects from the coffee table
Go down the corridor, look for someone raising their left hand, and tell them the time.
go to the corridor , look for a person raising their left arm , and say the time
Go down the hall, look for someone lying down, and tell them what weekday it is.
go to the corridor , look for a person lying down , and say the day of the week
Go find Morgan at the freezer and escort them to the dining room.
Please go to the freezer , meet Morgan , and follow them to the dining room
Go find Taylor in the bedroom and answer a question
go to the bedroom , look for Taylor , and answer a question
Go find the glass in the bathroom.
locate the glass in the bathroom
Go find the person in the bathroom and answer their question
navigate to the bathroom , locate a person standing , and answer a question
Go find the person sitting in the living room and tell them something about yourself.
go to the living room , look for a person sitting , and tell something about yourself
Go find the sponge in the kitchen.
look for the sponge in the kitchen
Go find three things in the dining room for me.
Please find three objects in the dining room
Go found out how many people are lying down in the corridor.
Tell me how many people in the corridor are lying down
Go get me the beer on the couch in the tv room.
give me the beer from the tv couch
Go get me the biggest item in the microwave
Could you please bring me the biggest object from the microwave
Go get me the item that's located to the left of the choco flakes near the sofa.
Could you give me the object at the left of the choco flakes from the sofa
Go get the Shampoo from the kitchen
look for the shampoo in the kitchen
Go hand me the item on the bathroom cabinet under the coke
Please give me the object under the coke from the bathroom cabinet
Go in wardrobe and take object behind cereal to me.
Could you bring me the object behind the cereal from the wardrobe
Go into the bedroom, find a boy, and answer his question.
go to the bedroom , look for a boy , and answer a question
Go into the bedroom, find someone, and answer a question
go to the bedroom , locate someone , and answer a question
Go look at the sink and tell me how many beers are there.
Tell me how many beer there are on the sink
Go look at the sink, and tell me what the three smallest things are that are on it.
tell me which are the three smallest objects on the sink
Go look for a person lying down in the kitchen and answer a question.
go to the kitchen , look for a person lying down , and answer a question
Go look for the spaghetti in the corridor.
find the spaghetti in the corridor
Go look for the things in the bathroom.
find the objects in the bathroom
Go meet Peyton and go with them
Could you meet Peyton and accompany them
Go meet Peyton at the fireplace and bring them to the center table.
Could you navigate to the fireplace , meet Peyton , and follow them to the center table
Go meet Robin in the shower and follow them to the kitchen.
Could you please navigate to the shower , meet Robin , and follow them to the kitchen
Go meet Tracy at the sink and follow them to the fridge.
navigate to the sink , meet Tracy , and follow them to the fridge
Go meet tracy close to the fridge follow her to corridor
Could you please navigate to the fridge , meet Tracy , and follow them to the corridor
Go over to the counter, when you meet the apple, follow it
Robot please go to the counter , meet the apple , and follow it
Go retrieve the box.
deliver the box to me
Go take note of the number of people standing inside the living room
Tell me how many people in the living room are standing
Go take the peach from the microwave and put it in the bathtub
take the peach from the microwave to the bathtub
Go tell me what the lightest item on the bar is
Tell me what's the lightest object on the bar
Go tell me what the three smallest items on the sofa are
Could you please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the sofa
Go tell the person standing in the bathroom a joke.
navigate to the bathroom , locate a person standing , and tell a joke
Go the the dining room and answer the girls question
navigate to the dining room , find a girl , and answer a question
Go the washing machine and bring me the object that is under the knife
Please give me the object under the knife from the washing machine
Go to Alex at the towel rack and tell him about yourself
tell something about yourself to Alex at the towel rack
Go to Michael at the counter and go with him to the bathroom
meet Michael at the counter and follow them to the bathroom
Go to Michael at the sink and then follow them to the bathroom.
meet Michael at the sink , follow them , and navigate to the bathroom
Go to Michael who is at the stove and tell him what day it is.
tell what day it is to Michael at the stove
Go to Taylor, who's at the cabinet, follow him, and then go to the corridor
meet Taylor at the cabinet , follow them , and navigate to the corridor
Go to Tracy in the shower and tell her something about yourself
tell something about yourself to Tracy at the shower
Go to Tracy in the shower and tell something about yourself
tell something about yourself to Tracy at the shower
Go to bedroom to locate a woman to answer a question
navigate to the bedroom , locate a woman , and answer a question
Go to bedroom, find person and answer a question.
navigate to the bedroom , look for a person , and answer a question
Go to freezer and give me the lightest thing in it.
Could you bring me the lightest object from the freezer
Go to the armchair and find the water so you can bring it to Hayden near the bathtub.
navigate to the armchair , find the water , and deliver it to Hayden at the bathtub
Go to the armchair and place the banana on it.
take the banana and place it on the armchair
Go to the baby chair where Hayden is and answer the question.
answer a question to Hayden at the baby chair
Go to the bar and meet Hayden, then guide them to the cabinet.
guide Hayden to the cabinet , you may find them at the bar
Go to the bar, find Hayden, and take him
Robot please go to the bar , meet Hayden , and take them
Go to the bathroom and find Jordan. Then say what day it is.
navigate to the bathroom , find Jordan , and say the day of the week
Go to the bathroom and find objects
find the objects in the bathroom
Go to the bathroom and find the items
locate the objects in the bathroom
Go to the bathroom and find the objects
find the objects in the bathroom
Go to the bathroom and find the peach.
locate the peach in the bathroom
Go to the bathroom and locate the objects.
find the objects in the bathroom
Go to the bathroom and tell a joke to a person lying down there
navigate to the bathroom , find a person lying down , and say a joke
Go to the bathroom cabinet and bring me the item that is at the right of the melon, please.
Robot please give me the object at the right of the melon from the bathroom cabinet
Go to the bathroom cabinet and bring me the object at the right of the melon.
Robot please give me the object at the right of the melon from the bathroom cabinet
Go to the bathroom cabinet and find JOrdan. Bring JOrdan back here.
Could you please meet Jordan at the bathroom cabinet , follow them , and guide them back
Go to the bathroom cabinet and list the three smallest objects on it
Could you please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the bathroom cabinet
Go to the bathroom cabinet, find the item under the coke, and bring it to me.
Please give me the object under the coke from the bathroom cabinet
Go to the bathroom counter and answer Michael's question.
answer a question to Michael at the bathroom cabinet
Go to the bathroom, and have Tracy answer a question
navigate to the bathroom , locate Tracy , and answer a question
Go to the bathroom, find a boy, and tell him something about yourself
navigate to the bathroom , find a boy , and say something about yourself
Go to the bathroom, find a male person and say something about yourself
find a male person in the bathroom and say something about yourself
Go to the bathroom, find a person pointing to the left, and answer their question.
navigate to the bathroom , locate a person pointing to the left , and answer a question
Go to the bathroom, find someone and tell them something about yourself
navigate to the bathroom , look for someone , and tell something about yourself
Go to the bathroom, find someone standing there, and name a day of the week
locate a person standing in the bathroom and say the day of the week
Go to the bathroom, find the person I mention, and answer my question
navigate to the bathroom , look for someone , and answer a question
Go to the bathroom, find the person, and tell her what time it is.
navigate to the bathroom , look for a person , and tell the time
Go to the bathroom, locate the human on the floor and tell him something funny
navigate to the bathroom , find a person lying down , and say a joke
Go to the bathroom,find the person pointing to the left and answer
navigate to the bathroom , locate a person pointing to the left , and answer a question
Go to the bathtub to get Jamie and follow them
navigate to the bathtub , meet Jamie , and follow them
Go to the bathtub, find the teaspoon, and put it on the counter.
go to the bathtub , locate the tea spoon , and put it on the counter
Go to the bedroom and find a person and then answer a question
navigate to the bedroom , locate a person , and answer a question
Go to the bedroom and find the coke.
find the coke in the bedroom
Go to the bedroom and find three items.
Robot please locate three objects in the bedroom
Go to the bedroom and get the pringles and take them to the fireplace.
get the pringles from the bedroom to the fireplace
Go to the bedroom and look for a boy and respond to the question.
navigate to the bedroom , look for a boy , and answer a question
Go to the bedroom and tell me how many people are lying down.
Tell me how many people in the bedroom are lying down
Go to the bedroom and tell me how many people are standing
Tell me how many people in the bedroom are standing
Go to the bedroom and tell someone there what day of the week it is.
navigate to the bedroom , find someone , and say the day of the week
Go to the bedroom then find a person and tell them something about yourself
navigate to the bedroom , find a person , and tell something about yourself
Go to the bedroom, and tell someone the day of the week
navigate to the bedroom , find someone , and say the day of the week
Go to the bedroom, and tell the person sitting there what day it is.
navigate to the bedroom , find a person sitting , and tell what day it is
Go to the bedroom, find Hayden, and respond to an inquiry.
navigate to the bedroom , look for Hayden , and answer a question
Go to the bedroom, find the person sitting there and tell them the day of the week
navigate to the bedroom , find a person sitting , and tell what day it is
Go to the bedroom, find the person, and answer a question
navigate to the bedroom , look for a person , and answer a question
Go to the bedroom, find the woman, and answer her question
navigate to the bedroom , locate a woman , and answer a question
Go to the bedroom,find the boy and tell him something about yourself
navigate to the bedroom , look for a boy , and tell something about yourself
Go to the bookshelf, get the shampoo, and bring it back.
navigate to the bookshelf , find the shampoo , and deliver it to me
Go to the cabinet and bring the thing on top of the teaspoon to me.
Could you bring me the object on top of the tea spoon from the cabinet
Go to the cabinet and get the apple and give it to Peyton who is at the towel rack.
take the apple from the cabinet and bring it to Peyton at the towel rack
Go to the center table and tell me what are the smallest object in there.
Tell me what's the smallest object on the center table
Go to the chair and meet Morgan. Follow MOrgan to the drawer.
Please go to the chair , meet Morgan , and follow them to the drawer
Go to the coffee table, get the pear, and bring it to Tracy in her bed
navigate to the coffee table , look for the pear , and bring it to Tracy at the bed
Go to the coffee table, meet the objects, and follow it
Robot please go to the coffee table , meet the objects , and follow it
Go to the corridor and answer a question from the person standing there
navigate to the corridor , locate a person standing , and answer a question
Go to the corridor and answer the person lying down
go to the corridor , look for a person lying down , and answer a question
Go to the corridor and count the girls
Tell me how many people in the corridor are girls
Go to the corridor and explain what day it is to Alex.
locate Alex in the corridor and tell what day it is
Go to the corridor and find the person pointing to the right and answer their question.
navigate to the corridor , find a person pointing to the right , and answer a question
Go to the corridor, find a person, and tell that person what day it is.
navigate to the corridor , find someone , and tell what day it is
Go to the corridor, find the person pointing to the right and tell them the time.
navigate to the corridor , locate a person pointing to the right , and say the time
Go to the corridor, find the person standing there and answer their question
navigate to the corridor , locate a person standing , and answer a question
Go to the counter and bring the pickles that are there to Hayden who is at the cutlery drawer
go to the counter , find the pickles , and bring it to Hayden at the cutlery drawer
Go to the counter, find the largest object and hand it to me.
Please bring me the largest object from the counter
Go to the cupboard and identify what's the heaviest object in there.
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the cupboard
Go to the cupboard to meet Michael and then follow until back at the cupboard.
Please meet Michael at the cupboard , follow them , and accompany them back
Go to the cupboard with michael and follow him back.
Please meet Michael at the cupboard , follow them , and accompany them back
Go to the cupboard, find the objects that weigth the most, and give them to me.
Robot please give me the heaviest objects from the cupboard
Go to the cupboard, get the teaspoon, and bring it to me.
bring me the tea spoon from the cupboard
Go to the cupboard, meet Michael, go with them and then return with them
Please meet Michael at the cupboard , follow them , and accompany them back
Go to the desk and grab the heaviest objects and give them to me.
Robot please give me the heaviest objects from the desk
Go to the dining room
Please navigate to the dining room
Go to the dining room and answer a question of the girl there
navigate to the dining room , find a girl , and answer a question
Go to the dining room and ask someone standing up a question
navigate to the dining room , locate a person standing , and answer a question
Go to the dining room and tell Robin what day it is.
go to the dining room , locate Robin , and say what day it is
Go to the dining room and tell me what objects are there.
find the objects in the dining room
Go to the dining room thanks.
Please navigate to the dining room
Go to the dining room, find a guy, and tell say something about yourself.
navigate to the dining room , locate a male person , and tell something about yourself
Go to the dining room, find a person, and answer a question.
find a person in the dining room and answer a question
Go to the dining room, find a person, tell them a joke
navigate to the dining room , locate someone , and say a joke
Go to the dining room,find the man and tell him something about yourself
navigate to the dining room , locate a male person , and tell something about yourself
Go to the dining table and answer Jordan's question.
answer a question to Jordan at the dining table
Go to the dining table and locate the object left of the banana then bring it to me.
Please give me the object at the left of the banana from the dining table
Go to the dining table, find the object on the right of the knife and bring it to me.
Could you please bring me the object at the right of the knife from the dining table
Go to the dresser, find the lightest object in there and hand it over to me.
Could you please give me the lightest object from the dresser
Go to the fireplace and identify the three smallest objects in there.
tell me which are the three smallest objects on the fireplace
Go to the freezer and find out how many items are in there.
Tell me how many objects there are on the freezer
Go to the fridge, find the object from the left most and have it over to me.
Robot please give me the left most object from the fridge
Go to the girl in the dining room, tell her what day it is
go to the dining room , locate a girl , and say what day it is
Go to the kitchen and find a person standing there, and tell them something about yourself.
navigate to the kitchen , find a person standing , and say something about yourself
Go to the kitchen and find the napkin
locate the napkin in the kitchen
Go to the kitchen and find the tea.
locate the tea in the kitchen
Go to the kitchen and get the tea
locate the tea in the kitchen
Go to the kitchen and look for the person raising their right arm then hand them the glass.
bring the glass to the person raising their right arm in the kitchen
Go to the kitchen and tell Taylor a joke
find Taylor in the kitchen and say a joke
Go to the kitchen please
Could you please navigate to the kitchen
Go to the kitchen, find a person standing and answer a question
navigate to the kitchen , look for a person standing , and answer a question
Go to the living room and answer a question for the person sitting on the left
navigate to the living room , locate a person pointing to the left , and answer a question
Go to the living room and answer a question of the boy there
navigate to the living room , find a boy , and answer a question
Go to the living room and ask the person standing there what day it is.
navigate to the living room , find a person standing , and say what day it is
Go to the living room and find a person lying down and then tell something about yourself
navigate to the living room , find a person lying down , and say something about yourself
Go to the living room and find the water.
find the water in the living room
Go to the living room and give the bowl to the waving person
Please deliver bowl to the waving person in the living room
Go to the living room and look for a box.
look for the box in the living room
Go to the living room and look for the box.
look for the box in the living room
Go to the living room and look for the items
look for the objects in the living room
Go to the living room and tell Morgan a joke
navigate to the living room , look for Morgan , and say a joke
Go to the living room and tell me who is there by name.
Tell me the name of the person in the living room
Go to the living room please
Could you go to the living room
Go to the living room, find a boy there, and answer a question.
navigate to the living room , locate a boy , and answer a question
Go to the living room, find the person lying down and answer their question
navigate to the living room , locate a person lying down , and answer a question
Go to the living room, go to the person pointing left and answer what they ask
navigate to the living room , locate a person pointing to the left , and answer a question
Go to the living room, look for a lying down person and answer its question.
navigate to the living room , find a person lying down , and answer a question
Go to the microwave and answer Jordan's question
answer a question to Jordan at the microwave
Go to the microwave and tell me what are the biggest objects in there.
Tell me what's the biggest objects on the microwave
Go to the microwave to give the tuna fish to Jamie
deliver the tuna fish to Jamie at the microwave
Go to the microwave to meet Alex, then follow and guide them back
meet Alex at the microwave , follow them , and guide them back
Go to the microwave, find the largest item, and bring it to me.
Could you please bring me the biggest object from the microwave
Go to the person laying down in the dining room and say the day of the week
find a person lying down in the dining room and tell the day of the week
Go to the person sitting in the kitchen and answer their question
navigate to the kitchen , find a person sitting , and answer a question
Go to the room and answer a persons question
navigate to the corridor , locate a person standing , and answer a question
Go to the side table and bring me the largest items.
Could you bring me the biggest objects from the side table
Go to the side table and give the largest objects to me.
Could you bring me the biggest objects from the side table
Go to the side table, find the object above the shampoo and give it to me.
Could you please give me the object above the shampoo from the side table
Go to the sink and bring me the smallest objects
Could you give me the smallest objects from the sink
Go to the sink and meet Peyton, then follow him to the kitchen
Robot please navigate to the sink , meet Peyton , and follow them to the kitchen
Go to the sink and tell me the thinnest object in there.
Could you please give me the thinnest object from the sink
Go to the sink and tell me what three items are the thinnest.
tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the sink
Go to the sink, find Tracy and follow her to the fridge
navigate to the sink , meet Tracy , and follow them to the fridge
Go to the sink, meet a peach, follow it
Could you please navigate to the sink , meet the peach , and follow it
Go to the stove and tell Michael what day it is.
tell what day it is to Michael at the stove
Go to the table and bring me the items from the center of the table that are the thinnest.
Could you please give me the thinnest objects from the center table
Go to the toilet, find the milk and follow it.
Could you navigate to the toilet , meet the milk , and follow it
Go to the toilet, meet the milk, go with the milk.
Could you navigate to the toilet , meet the milk , and follow it
Go to the towel rack and give me the heaviest objects you can see there.
Please bring me the heaviest objects from the towel rack
Go to the towel rack and locate the object under the milk then bring it to me.
Please bring me the object under the milk from the towel rack
Go to the tv couch and follow the shampoo when you saw it.
Robot please navigate to the tv couch , meet the shampoo , and follow it
Go to the tv couch and get the beer for me.
give me the beer from the tv couch
Go to the tv couch, find Alex and lead them to the armchair.
accompany Alex from the tv couch to the armchair
Go to the wardrobe and meet Hayden, lead them to the dining room.
Please meet Hayden at the wardrobe , follow them , and navigate to the dining room
Go to the washing machine and count the biggest three objects on it.
Could you tell me which are the three biggest objects on the washing machine
Go to the washing machine, find the largest object on top and tell me what it is.
Tell me what's the biggest object on the washing machine
Go towards the bathroom and tell a person about yourself
navigate to the bathroom , look for someone , and tell something about yourself
Go with Alex he's on the couch and then go to the armchair with him
accompany Alex from the tv couch to the armchair
Go with Jamie from the shower to the kitchen
follow Jamie from the shower to the kitchen
Go with Jamie to the stove. They're on the couch.
accompany Jamie to the stove , you can find them at the tv couch
Go with Peyton from the shower to the dining room
follow Peyton from the shower to the dining room
Go with Robin
follow Robin
Go with Taylor
Please follow Taylor
Grab the apple and set it on the counter
get the apple and put it on the counter
Grab the bag from the nightstand and take it to Taylor at the table on the side.
get the bag from the nightstand and deliver it to Taylor at the side table
Grab the bag on the bookshelf and put it on the side table.
take the bag from the bookshelf and place it on the side table
Grab the lightest object on the sofa
Could you bring me the lightest objects from the sofa
Grab the small dish next to the bathtub and give it to Robin
go to the bathtub , find the small dish , and deliver it to Robin at the cabinet
Greet Alex and bring him inside.
meet Alex and escort them
Guide Jordan from the desk to the coffee table
meet Jordan at the desk and guide them to the coffee table
Guide Tracy to the side table.
Could you navigate to the side table , meet Tracy , and guide them
Hand me that coke
Robot please give me the coke
Hand me the apple.
give the apple to me
Hand me the biggest item in the sink
Robot please give me the biggest object from the sink
Hand me the box please
Could you please give me the box
Hand me the lightest item from the washing machine
Could you please bring me the lightest objects from the washing machine
Hand me the lightest object on the towel rack.
Robot please give me the lightest object from the towel rack
Hand me the napkin from the freezer
give me the napkin from the freezer
Hand me the object from the dresser that weighs the least
Could you please give me the lightest object from the dresser
Hand me the object on top of the tea from the airchair
Robot please give me the object on top of the tea from the armchair
Hand me the object that is on the left side of the sofa
Robot please give me the object at the left of the chocolate from the sofa
Hand me the thinnest items on the center table
Could you please give me the thinnest objects from the center table
Hand me the thinnest objects from the center table
Could you please give me the thinnest objects from the center table
Hayden is at the baby chair, bring him the shampoo
give the shampoo to Hayden at the baby chair
Head to the bathroom, find someone, and answer a question
go to the bathroom , locate someone , and answer a question
Head to the bathroom.
Robot please go to the bathroom
Head to the bedroom, locate a person standing and say something about yourself.
go to the bedroom , find a person standing , and tell something about yourself
Head to the counter, locate the pickles, and bring them to Hayden over at the cutlery drawer
go to the counter , find the pickles , and bring it to Hayden at the cutlery drawer
Head to the hallway, find the girl, and tell her something about yourself
go to the corridor , locate a girl , and say something about yourself
Head towards the bathroom, search for someone and provide an answer to a question.
navigate to the bathroom , look for someone , and answer a question
Help Alex get from the drawer to the shower, please.
Could you please guide Alex from the drawer to the shower
Help Jamie find his way from the dining table to the side table.
Could you please lead Jamie from the dining table to the side table
Help Jordan navigate from the dresser to the sofa
Please guide Jordan from the dresser to the sofa
Hey Robot, tell me what the heaviest items on the dresser are.
Robot please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the dresser
How is the person in the bathroom standing?
Tell me the pose of the person in the bathroom
How many beer are on the sink?
Tell me how many beer there are on the sink
How many beer are there on the baby chair
Tell me how many beer there are on the baby chair
How many beers are on the sink
Tell me how many beer there are on the sink
How many beers are on the toilet?
Tell me how many beer there are on the toilet
How many cokes are in the freezer
Robot please Tell me how many coke there are on the freezer
How many females are in the living room
Tell me how many people in the living room are girls
How many girls are in the bathroom?
Tell me how many people in the bathroom are girls
How many girls are in the living room?
Tell me how many people in the living room are girls
How many glasses are there on the cupboard?
Please Tell me how many glass there are on the cupboard
How many items are there on that drawer?
Tell me how many objects there are on the drawer
How many ladies are in the corridor
Tell me how many people in the corridor are women
How many males are there in the dining room?
Tell me how many people in the dining room are male
How many melon are there on the dishwasher?
Could you please Tell me how many melon there are on the dishwasher
How many men are in the corridor?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are men
How many objects are in the sink?
Tell me how many objects there are on the sink
How many objects are on the bookshelf?
Tell me how many objects there are on the bookshelf
How many objects are there on the baby chair
Tell me how many objects there are on the baby chair
How many people are in the girls bathroom?
Tell me how many people in the bathroom are girls
How many people are lying down in the dining room?
Tell me how many people in the dining room are lying down
How many people are sitting in the bathroom?
Tell me how many people in the bathroom are sitting
How many people are sitting in the corridor?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are sitting
How many people are sitting in the hallway
Tell me how many people in the corridor are sitting
How many people are standing in the bedroom.
Tell me how many people in the bedroom are standing
How many people are standing in the corridor?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are standing
How many people are standing in the kitchen.
Tell me how many people in the kitchen are standing
How many people are standing in the living room?
Tell me how many people in the living room are standing
How many people in the corridor are men?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are men
How many people in the corridor are standing up?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are standing
How many people in the corridor are standing?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are standing
How many people in the living room are female?
Tell me how many people in the living room are female
How many people in the living room are girls?
Tell me how many people in the living room are girls
How many people present in the living room are female?
Tell me how many people in the living room are girls
How many sitting people are in the kitchen?
Tell me how many people in the kitchen are sitting
How many sponges are in the cutlery drawer
Tell me how many sponge there are on the cutlery drawer
How many tea spoons are on the nightstand please
Could you Tell me how many tea spoon there are on the nightstand
How many things are in that drawer
Tell me how many objects there are on the drawer
How many things are in the freezer
Tell me how many objects there are on the freezer
How many things are on the bookshelf
Tell me how many objects there are on the bookshelf
How many things are there on the sink?
Tell me how many objects there are on the sink
How many women are in the corridor?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are women
I need the larges object from the toilet
give me the largest object from the toilet
I need the object to the left of the peach in the cabinet, bring it to me
Robot please bring me the object at the left of the peach from the cabinet
I need to know which objects in the bathroom cabinet are the three smallest
Could you please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the bathroom cabinet
I need you to meet Morgan and go with them
Could you please meet Morgan and accompany them
I need you to retrieve the tuna fish for me.
bring the tuna fish to me
I want the chips from the chair, can you bring them to me?
pick up the chips from the chair and bring it to me
I want the choco flakes from the freezer
give me the choco flakes from the freezer
I want the choco flakes from the freezer, can you get them?
give me the choco flakes from the freezer
I want the largest things from the toilet please
give me the largest object from the toilet
I want the leftmost object that is in the bathroom cabinet please
Please give me the left most object from the bathroom cabinet
I want you to bring me the thinnest things from the bar thanks
bring me the thinnest objects from the bar
I would like for you to give the cereal to the tub.
Could you give the cereal to the bathtub
I'd like some cereal in the bowl please
Please Pour some cereals into the bowl
I'd like the biggest objects on the TV couch thanks
Could you please bring me the largest objects from the tv couch
I'd like the heaviest objects from the desk thanks
Robot please give me the heaviest objects from the desk
I'd like the heaviest things from the towel rack please
Could you give me the heaviest objects from the towel rack
I'd like the most thin objects that are in the washing machine
Please give me the thinnest object from the washing machine
I'd like the rightmost object on the baby chair
Please bring me the right most object from the baby chair
I'd like the smallest object on the sofa please
Could you please give me the smallest objects from the sofa
I'd like the smallest thing on the coffee table please
Robot please bring me the smallest object from the coffee table
I'd like the thing on top of the tea from the bathtub
Could you bring me the object on top of the tea from the bathtub
I'd like the thing that is most to the left in the fridge
Robot please give me the left most object from the fridge
I'd like the thing that was on top of the cookies from the shower please
Could you please bring me the object on top of the cookies from the shower
I'd like the thinnest things that were in the dishwasher
Could you give me the thinnest objects from the dishwasher
I'd like you to access the freezer, meet the bag, and go where it goes.
go to the freezer , meet the bag , and follow it
Identify the thinnest object on the wardrobe.
Tell me what's the thinnest object on the wardrobe
Identify the three biggest objects from the bookshelf.
Could you please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the bookshelf
Identify the three heaviest objects in the baby chair, and list them for me.
Could you please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the baby chair
Identify the three heaviest objects placed on the dresser.
Robot please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the dresser
Identify the three largest items in the sink and tell me what they are.
Please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the sink
Identify the three largest objects on the bed and tell me what they are.
Could you please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the bed
In the bedroom, a person is resting. Please tell her what day it is
go to the bedroom , find a person lying down , and tell what day it is
In the bedroom, how many people are there lying down
Tell me how many people in the bedroom are lying down
In the corridor, tell the time to the person raising their left arm
go to the corridor , look for a person raising their left arm , and say the time
In the cupboard, can you please give me the heaviest objects?
Robot please give me the heaviest objects from the cupboard
In the kitchen, try to find the shampoo.
look for the shampoo in the kitchen
In the sink, which three objects are the heaviest?
Could you please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the sink
Inform me of the number of items on the drawer.
Tell me how many objects there are on the drawer
Inform me of the three largest items on the microwave, please.
Could you please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the microwave
Inform me of the three largest items on the washing machine.
Could you tell me which are the three biggest objects on the washing machine
Inform me of the three skinniest items on the desk.
Could you tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the desk
Inform me of which items on the cabinet are the littlest.
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the cabinet
Inform me which items on the side table are the biggest?
Tell me what's the largest objects on the side table
Is the person at the armchair male or female?
Tell me the gender of the person at the armchair
Is the person in the bedroom male or female?
Tell me the gender of the person at the bedroom
Is the person in the dining room male or female?
Tell me the gender of the person in the dining room
Is there beer in the corridor
Could you please look for the beer in the corridor
Is there shampoo in the dining room
locate the shampoo in the dining room
Kindly get me the object under the milk
Please bring me the object under the milk from the towel rack
Kindly move the soap from the sink
Please escort the soap from the sink to the towel rack
LOCATE A MAN IN THE CORRIDOR AND ANSWER A QUESTION.
navigate to the corridor , locate a man , and answer a question
LOCATE THE SITTING PERSON AND NAVIGATE TO THE KITCHEN AND ANSWER A QUESTION
navigate to the kitchen , locate a person sitting , and answer a question
LOOK FOR A GIRL IN THE KITCHEN AND ANSWER A QUESTION.
navigate to the kitchen , look for a girl , and answer a question
LOOK FOR THREE OBJECTS IN THE BATHROOM PLEASE.
Robot please look for three objects in the bathroom
Lead Jordan from the desk to the coffee table.
meet Jordan at the desk and guide them to the coffee table
Lead Robin after meeting him from the side table
Robot please go to the side table , meet Robin , and lead them
Let me help you to the counter
guide Peyton to the counter
Let me know the amount of humans standing in the bedroom.
Tell me how many people in the bedroom are standing
Let me know the gender of the person in the bedroom.
Tell me the gender of the person at the bedroom
Let me know the largest item on the cutlery drawer
Tell me what's the biggest object on the cutlery drawer
Let me know the name of whoever is in the kitchen.
Tell me the name of the person in the kitchen
Let me know the number of people sitting in the corridor.
Tell me how many people in the corridor are sitting
Let me know the pose of the person right in the living room
Tell me the pose of the person in the living room
Let me know what item is bigger than all others on the cutlery drawer
Tell me what's the largest object on the cutlery drawer
Let me know what the largest item on the bar is.
Tell me what's the largest object on the bar
Let me know what the smallest item on the drawer is
Tell me what's the thinnest objects on the drawer
Let me know what the thee lightest items on the fridge are
Please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the fridge
Let me know what the three biggest items on the cabinet are
Could you tell me which are the three largest objects on the cabinet
Let me know what the three largest objects on the sink are
Please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the sink
Let me know which three items are the biggest on the bar.
Robot please tell me which are the three largest objects on the bar
Locate Hayden in the living room, then respond to a question
find Hayden in the living room and answer a question
Locate Hayden near the wardrobe then follow them into the dining room
Please meet Hayden at the wardrobe , follow them , and navigate to the dining room
Locate Jordan in the bedroom and answer
find Jordan in the bedroom and answer a question
Locate Michael in the bathroom and tell him what the date is.
navigate to the bathroom , locate Michael , and tell what day it is
Locate Tracy by the cabinet and follow her to the hallway
meet Tracy at the cabinet and follow them to the corridor
Locate a sponge in the kitchen.
look for the sponge in the kitchen
Locate a woman in the kitchen and then answer a question
look for a woman in the kitchen and answer a question
Locate girl in bathroom and answer question.
locate a girl in the bathroom and answer a question
Locate someone in the bedroom and answer a question.
go to the bedroom , locate someone , and answer a question
Locate someone who is in the kitchen and then answer a question
find a person in the kitchen and answer a question
Locate the nightstand and inform me how many teaspoons are on top of it.
Could you Tell me how many tea spoon there are on the nightstand
Locate the objects in the dining room
find the objects in the dining room
Locate the person in the kitchen and answer
find a person in the kitchen and answer a question
Locate the person lying in the kitchen and say what day
find a person lying down in the kitchen and say what day it is
Locate the tiniest objects inside the freezer
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the freezer
Locate the toothpaste and bring it to me.
bring the toothpaste to me
Locate the water in the living room
find the water in the living room
Locate the water that is in the living room
find the water in the living room
Locate three objects that are in the dining room.
Please find three objects in the dining room
Look at the counter and tell me what are the three objects that weight the least on there
Could you tell me which are the three lightest objects on the counter
Look at the microwave and identify what's the lightest object in there.
Tell me what's the lightest object on the microwave
Look at the person by the drawer and tell me their gender
Tell me the gender of the person at the drawer
Look for Jordan in the living room, and answer a question
go to the living room , look for Jordan , and answer a question
Look for Tracy at the bathroom and tell her something about yourself.
go to the bathroom , look for Tracy , and say something about yourself
Look for Tracy in the bathroom, tell her about yourself when you find her.
go to the bathroom , look for Tracy , and say something about yourself
Look for a boy in the bedroom and answer his question
go to the bedroom , look for a boy , and answer a question
Look for a female in the corridor and tell them the time
go to the corridor , look for a female person , and tell the time
Look for a female in the hallway, then tell me what time it is.
go to the corridor , look for a female person , and tell the time
Look for a lying down person at the bathroom and tell them a joke.
navigate to the bathroom , find a person lying down , and say a joke
Look for a person pointing to the right at the dining room and answer their question.
navigate to the dining room , look for a person pointing to the right , and answer a question
Look for a person sitting at the dining room and tell them what day it is.
go to the dining room , look for a person sitting , and say what day it is
Look for a person sitting in the dining room and answer a question.
go to the dining room , look for a person sitting , and answer a question
Look for a person sitting in the dining room and then answer a question.
go to the dining room , look for a person sitting , and answer a question
Look for a person standing at the dining room and answer their question.
navigate to the dining room , locate a person standing , and answer a question
Look for a standing person at the dining room and answer their question.
navigate to the dining room , locate a person standing , and answer a question
Look for someone sitting in the living room and tell them something about yourself
go to the living room , look for a person sitting , and tell something about yourself
Look for the mug near the tv couch and place it on the chair
go to the tv couch , look for the mug , and put it on the chair
Look for the person in the bedroom and ask them a question.
locate a person standing in the bedroom and answer a question
Look for the person lying down in the bathroom and answer a question
find a person lying down in the bathroom and answer a question
Look for the person raising their right arm at the corridor and tell him what day it is.
go to the corridor , locate a person raising their right arm , and say what day it is
Look for the person sitting at the dining room and answer their question.
navigate to the dining room , find a person sitting , and answer a question
Look on the baby chair and let me know which objects are the largest.
Tell me what's the biggest objects on the baby chair
Look on the cabinit and let me know which three items are the thinnest.
Please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the cabinet
Look on the counter and tell me which item is littlest.
Tell me what's the smallest object on the counter
Look on the drawer and tell me which item is the thinnest.
Tell me what's the thinnest object on the drawer
Look on the sofa and let me know which three items are the smallest.
Could you please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the sofa
Look on the toilet and let me know which item is the smallest.
Tell me what's the smallest object on the toilet
Make your way to the living room, find someone and answer a question
navigate to the living room , look for someone , and answer a question
Meet Alex and accompany him
Could you meet Alex and accompany them
Meet Alex at the sink and follow Alex to the bed.
Could you navigate to the sink , meet Alex , and follow them to the bed
Meet Hayden at the wardrobe and follow him to the dining room
Please meet Hayden at the wardrobe , follow them , and navigate to the dining room
Meet Jamie at the towel rack and then go to the sink.
Robot please go to the towel rack , meet Jamie , and follow them to the sink
Meet Jamie in the bathroom and then follow them.
navigate to the bathtub , meet Jamie , and follow them
Meet Morgan at the cutlery drawer and go to the bedroom.
Please go to the cutlery drawer , meet Morgan , and follow them to the bedroom
Meet Morgan at the cutlery drawer and go with her to the bathroom
Please go to the cutlery drawer , meet Morgan , and follow them to the bedroom
Meet Morgan at the drawer and escort them
Robot please navigate to the drawer , meet Morgan , and escort them
Meet Morgan at the freezer and follow her to the dining room
Please go to the freezer , meet Morgan , and follow them to the dining room
Meet Taylor at the center table and escort them to the sofa
go to the center table , meet Taylor , and escort them to the sofa
Meet Taylor at the center table and guide them to the sofa
go to the center table , meet Taylor , and escort them to the sofa
Meet Taylor at the freezer and answer her question.
answer a question to Taylor at the freezer
Meet Tracy at the towel rack and follow them before following them back
Could you meet Tracy at the towel rack , follow them , and accompany them back
Meet Tracy near the fridge and follow them to the corridor.
Could you please navigate to the fridge , meet Tracy , and follow them to the corridor
Meet and follow the objects at the coffee table.
Robot please go to the coffee table , meet the objects , and follow it
Meet robin at the shower and follow them to the kitchen
Could you please navigate to the shower , meet Robin , and follow them to the kitchen
Meet the apple at the counter and follow it.
Robot please go to the counter , meet the apple , and follow it
Meet the shampoo on the tv couch and follow it.
Robot please navigate to the tv couch , meet the shampoo , and follow it
Meet up with Tracy at the towel rack and follow them as they come back.
Could you meet Tracy at the towel rack , follow them , and accompany them back
Micheal has a question at the bathroom cabinet
answer a question to Michael at the bathroom cabinet
Move into the kitchen, find a male and tell him something about yourself
go to the kitchen , find a boy , and say something about yourself
Move the apple from the cabinet and bring it to peyton by the towel rack
take the apple from the cabinet and bring it to Peyton at the towel rack
Move the apple to the side table
Please place the apple on the side table
Move the bag from the bookshelf to the side table
take the bag from the bookshelf and place it on the side table
Move the big dish and take it to the shower.
take the big dish and put it on the shower
Move the bowl to the cabinet from the bedroom.
bring the bowl from the bedroom to the cabinet
Move the cereal to the bathroom cabiinet
Could you bring the cereal to the bathroom cabinet
Move the chips from the bathroom cabinet to the drawer
grasp the chips from the bathroom cabinet and place it on the drawer
Move the napkin from the nightstand to the cabinet.
Could you please grasp the napkin from the nightstand to the cabinet
Move the objects from the shower
Could you accompany the objects from the shower to the stove
Move the pringles from the bedroom to the fireplace
get the pringles from the bedroom to the fireplace
Move to bathroom, locate Tracy and provide self fact.
go to the bathroom , look for Tracy , and say something about yourself
Move to the dining room, locate a girl, and answer a question.
go to the dining room , find a girl , and answer a question
Move to the living room, locate a person lying down and answer a question
navigate to the living room , find a person lying down , and answer a question
Name an object that weighs the most in the wardrobe.
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the wardrobe
Navigate to bedroom and find a person to answer a question
navigate to the bedroom , look for a person , and answer a question
Navigate to corridor to find a girl and describe yourself.
go to the corridor , locate a girl , and say something about yourself
Navigate to living room.
Could you go to the living room
Navigate to the bedroom.
Please go to the bedroom
Navigate to the corridor find girl and say something personal.
go to the corridor , locate a girl , and say something about yourself
Navigate to the living room, look for a man, and tell something about yourself
navigate to the living room , look for a male person , and tell something about yourself
Of all the things on the tv couch which three are the skinniest
Could you please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the tv couch
Of the objects in the bedroom, could you locate three?
Could you please locate three objects in the bedroom
Of the objects in the sink, which are the three thinnest?
tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the sink
Of the objects on the fireplace, which are the three largest?
Could you tell me which are the three largest objects on the fireplace
Of the people in the corridor, how many are female?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are girls
On the baby chair, which is the biggest object?
Tell me what's the biggest objects on the baby chair
On the baby chair, which three items weigh the most?
Could you please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the baby chair
On the bar, which item is the largest?
Tell me what's the biggest object on the bar
On the bar, which item weighs the least?
Tell me what's the lightest object on the bar
On the bathroom cabinet, which object is largest?
Tell me what's the largest object on the bathroom cabinet
On the bathroom cabinet, which three items are the largest?
Robot please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the bathroom cabinet
On the cabinet, what are the three thinnest objects?
Please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the cabinet
On the center table, which are the three lightest objects?
Could you please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the center table
On the center table, which items are the three largest?
Could you please tell me which are the three largest objects on the center table
On the cutlery drawer, which item weights the least?
Tell me what's the lightest object on the cutlery drawer
On the fireplace, which items are the thinnest?
Tell me what's the thinnest objects on the fireplace
On the fireplace, which items are the three that weight the most?
Could you tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the fireplace
On the fireplace, which object is the thinnest?
Tell me what's the thinnest objects on the fireplace
On the left side of the choco flakes from the sofa is an object, please hand it to me.
Could you give me the object at the left of the choco flakes from the sofa
On the microwave, which items are the three that weigh least?
Could you please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the microwave
On the nightstand there is a napkin, please take it
Could you please grasp the napkin from the nightstand to the cabinet
On the nightstand, which three items are the smallest?
Could you tell me which are the three smallest objects on the nightstand
On the stove, which are the three littlest items?
Please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the stove
On the top of the tea placed on the armchair is an object, please hand it over to me.
Robot please give me the object on top of the tea from the armchair
Open the cabinet and give me the item on top of the teaspoon please
Could you bring me the object on top of the tea spoon from the cabinet
Open the fridge, take out the object that is furthest to the left and hand it to me
Robot please give me the left most object from the fridge
Pass me the object above the peach on the counter
Could you give me the object above the peach from the counter
Pass me the object at the dining table left of the banana
Please give me the object at the left of the banana from the dining table
Peyton is at the freezer follow them to the bedroom
Robot please meet Peyton at the freezer , follow them , and go to the bedroom
Peyton is sitting by the fireplace, could you bring her a beer from the cabinet
go to the cabinet , find the beer , and bring it to Peyton at the fireplace
Pick p the choc flakes and bring them to Michael in the kitchen.
grasp the choco flakes from the sofa and give it to Michael at the dishwasher
Pick up the banana that is in the cutlery drawer and take it to the tv couch
Could you pick up the banana from the cutlery drawer to the tv couch
Pick up the choco flakes and put it on the fireplace
take the choco flakes and put it on the fireplace
Pick up the pickle and hand it to Taylor in the baby chair.
give the pickles to Taylor at the baby chair
Pick up the thing next to the pear on the bookshelf.
Please give me the object at the right of the pear from the bookshelf
Pick up the tuna fish and bring it to me.
bring the tuna fish to me
Place beer on stove.
Could you please place the beer on the stove
Place the apple on the counter.
get the apple and put it on the counter
Place the right most difficult object from the baby chair into my hands.
Please bring me the right most object from the baby chair
Please  go to the person lying in the kitchen and answer their question.
go to the kitchen , look for a person lying down , and answer a question
Please answer Jordans question at the microwave.
answer a question to Jordan at the microwave
Please bring Hayden over to the freezer
Could you please take Hayden to the freezer
Please bring me cereal from the sofa there
bring me the cereal from the sofa
Please bring me that pear that is on the dresser
bring me the pear from the dresser
Please bring me the apple.
Could you deliver me the apple
Please bring me the fork.
deliver the fork to me
Please bring me the heaviest objects from the desk
Robot please give me the heaviest objects from the desk
Please bring me the item that is behind the shampoo thats on the stove.
Could you please give me the object behind the shampoo from the stove
Please bring me the largest item from the couch near the TV
Could you please bring me the largest objects from the tv couch
Please bring me the largest objects from the side table.
Could you bring me the biggest objects from the side table
Please bring me the left most item in the fridge.
Robot please give me the left most object from the fridge
Please bring me the lightest thing on the coffee table
Could you give me the lightest object from the coffee table
Please bring me the lightest things on the sofa
Could you bring me the lightest objects from the sofa
Please bring me the object on the counter that is furthest to the right
Could you please bring me the right most object from the counter
Please bring me the object on the dresser that is behind the apple.
Could you bring me the object behind the apple from the dresser
Please bring me the object on the left most side of the washing machine.
Robot please bring me the left most object from the washing machine
Please bring me the object on top of the coffee table glass.
Could you give me the object on top of the glass from the coffee table
Please bring me the object on top of the tea from the bathtub.
Could you bring me the object on top of the tea from the bathtub
Please bring me the object placed at the right most from the nightst
Could you please bring me the right most object from the nightstand
Please bring me the rightmost object on the counter
Could you please bring me the right most object from the counter
Please bring me the soap
bring the soap to me
Please bring me the thing that is furthest to the right on the stove
Robot please bring me the right most object from the stove
Please bring me the thing that is to the left of the peach on the cabinet
Robot please bring me the object at the left of the peach from the cabinet
Please bring me the thinnest object from the dishwasher
give me the thinnest object from the dishwasher
Please bring me the thinnest objects in the freezer
Robot please give me the thinnest objects from the freezer
Please bring my glass to the desk
Robot please get the glass to the desk
Please bring shampoo to the individual in the living room who is raising their right arm
bring the shampoo to the person raising their right arm in the living room
Please bring the choco flakes to the person I am pointing at
bring choco flakes to the pointing to the left person in the dining room
Please bring the chocolate that is on the dresser over to Jordan by the wardrobe
get the chocolate from the dresser and deliver it to Jordan at the wardrobe
Please bring the largest item from the cupboard
Robot please give me the biggest object from the cupboard
Please bring the thinnest objects to me that are on the bar.
bring me the thinnest objects from the bar
Please can I have the smallest thing from the coffee table
Robot please bring me the smallest object from the coffee table
Please carry the water from the bed to the coffee table
Please escort the water from the bed to the center table
Please clean up the Pringles on the dining room table and take the can to the dishwasher
pick up the pringles from the dining room to the dishwasher
Please fetch me that banana and put it on the desk
Could you please bring the banana to the desk
Please fetch that soap to me
Please deliver me the soap
Please find a girl in the bedroom and answer a question
go to the bedroom , locate a girl , and answer a question
Please find me the shampoo
locate the shampoo in the bathroom
Please find the cereal in the armchair and follow it
Robot please go to the armchair , meet the cereal , and follow it
Please find the item under the knife in the washing machine and bring it to me.
Please give me the object under the knife from the washing machine
Please find the object placed at the right most of the bar and give it to me.
Robot please give me the right most object from the bar
Please find the smallest objects on the freezer and tell me what they are.
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the freezer
Please find the thinnest objects placed on the drawer and tell me what are they.
Tell me what's the thinnest objects on the drawer
Please find three objects in this bedroom
Robot please locate three objects in the bedroom
Please find three things from the bathroom
Robot please locate three objects in the bathroom
Please follow Robin
follow Robin
Please follow the apple that is on the counter.
Robot please go to the counter , meet the apple , and follow it
Please get me the choco flakes
Could you please give me the choco flakes
Please get me the object from the fridge that is the thinnest.
Could you please give me the thinnest object from the fridge
Please get me the smallest thing from the sofa
Could you please give me the smallest objects from the sofa
Please get me the thinnest item in the fridge.
Could you please give me the thinnest object from the fridge
Please get me the thinnest objects from the freezer Robot
Robot please give me the thinnest objects from the freezer
Please get the cereal and take it to the cabinet in the bathroom.
Could you bring the cereal to the bathroom cabinet
Please get the milk from the microwave and give it to me.
give me the milk from the microwave
Please get the object from the bowl behind the washing machine
Could you give me the object behind the bowl from the washing machine
Please get to the sink d meet the peach and follow it
Could you please navigate to the sink , meet the peach , and follow it
Please give me the bag
give the bag to me
Please give me the object that's above the chips on the chair.
give me the object above the chips from the chair
Please give me the object to the far left from the fridge.
Robot please give me the left most object from the fridge
Please give me the thing that is  behind the bowl from the drawer
Robot please give me the object behind the bowl from the drawer
Please give me the thing that is on top of the glass on the coffee table
Could you give me the object on top of the glass from the coffee table
Please give me the thinnest object on the drawer.
Tell me what's the thinnest object on the drawer
Please give me the thinnest objects from the dishwasher.
Could you give me the thinnest objects from the dishwasher
Please give this box to the person standing to the right of the bathroom
give the box to the person pointing to the right in the bathroom
Please go and meet Jamie and take him somewhere
Please meet Jamie and escort them
Please go into the kitchen to look for Taylor and then tell him something about yourself
navigate to the kitchen , look for Taylor , and tell something about yourself
Please go to the bathroom and when you find a girl tell her what day it is
navigate to the bedroom , look for a girl , and say what day it is
Please go to the bathroom cabinet and get me the object to the right of the melon.
Robot please give me the object at the right of the melon from the bathroom cabinet
Please go to the bedroom and find the coke.
find the coke in the bedroom
Please go to the bedroom and tell something about yourself to the person who's standing
go to the bedroom , find a person standing , and tell something about yourself
Please go to the bedroom, find a seated person and tell them a joke
navigate to the bedroom , look for a person sitting , and tell a joke
Please go to the bedroom, find someone and answer their question.
go to the bedroom , locate someone , and answer a question
Please go to the cabinet to meet Jamie, go with them and bring them back
Please meet Jamie at the cabinet , follow them , and guide them back
Please go to the corridor and tell the time to the person pointing right
navigate to the corridor , locate a person pointing to the right , and say the time
Please go to the corridor, find the person pointing right and answer their question
navigate to the corridor , find a person pointing to the right , and answer a question
Please go to the cutlery drawer and pick up the banana and take it to the couch by the TV.
Could you pick up the banana from the cutlery drawer to the tv couch
Please go to the dining room and answer a question of the girl there
navigate to the dining room , find a girl , and answer a question
Please go to the dishwasher with the pringles from the dining room.
pick up the pringles from the dining room to the dishwasher
Please go to the drawer, get the spaghetti and take it to Morgan at the  tub.
navigate to the drawer , locate the spaghetti , and bring it to Morgan at the bathtub
Please go to the freezer and bring me the least heavy item.
Could you bring me the lightest object from the freezer
Please go to the living room.
Could you go to the living room
Please go to the microwave and tell me what three items are the heaviest objects
Could you please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the microwave
Please go to the shower and then follow Robin to the kitchen
Could you please navigate to the shower , meet Robin , and follow them to the kitchen
Please go to the side table and meet then guide  Tracy.
Could you navigate to the side table , meet Tracy , and guide them
Please go to the side table, find Robin, and show her the way
Robot please go to the side table , meet Robin , and lead them
Please go to the side table, meet Jamie and follow them to the dining table
Could you go to the side table , meet Jamie , and follow them to the dining table
Please go to the sink and bring me the largest item in it.
Robot please give me the biggest object from the sink
Please go to the stove and tell me which three items are the smallest.
Please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the stove
Please go to the toilet, meet and follow the milk
Could you navigate to the toilet , meet the milk , and follow it
Please grab the banana and put it on the center of the table
grasp the banana and place it on the center table
Please greet Morgan and guide them
Robot please meet Morgan and guide them
Please hand me the biggest item from the cabinet.
Could you please give me the largest object from the cabinet
Please hand me the heaviest object in the cutlery drawer.
Could you give me the heaviest object from the cutlery drawer
Please hand me the largest objects from the armchair
Could you give me the biggest objects from the armchair
Please hand me the object to the left of that banana from the dining table
Please give me the object at the left of the banana from the dining table
Please hand me the thing to the left of the chocolate on the sofa
Robot please give me the object at the left of the chocolate from the sofa
Please help Michael get to bed
Could you lead Michael to the bed
Please help jordan find the cupboard
Please guide Jordan to the cupboard
Please identify how many glasses are there on the cupboard.
Please Tell me how many glass there are on the cupboard
Please identify the largest objects placed on the washing machine.
Tell me what's the largest objects on the washing machine
Please identify the three lightest objects on the fridge.
Please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the fridge
Please inform me as to what the three biggest objects on the bed are
Could you please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the bed
Please inform me of the amount of people that are sitting in the bathroom.
Tell me how many people in the bathroom are sitting
Please inform me of what the biggest items on the bathroom cabinet are.
Tell me what's the largest objects on the bathroom cabinet
Please join Jordan at the the cabinet, and follow them to the bedroom.
Could you meet Jordan at the cabinet , follow them , and go to the bedroom
Please join Taylor at the cabinet, follow him and go to the corridor.
meet Taylor at the cabinet , follow them , and navigate to the corridor
Please let me know how many sponges there are in the cutlery drawer.
Tell me how many sponge there are on the cutlery drawer
Please list the three heaviest objects placed on the microwave.
Please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the microwave
Please locate a boy in the corridor and tell him what day it is
go to the corridor , locate a boy , and say what day it is
Please locate the mug that is in the dining room.
find the mug in the dining room
Please locate the shampoo that is in the kitchen
look for the shampoo in the kitchen
Please locate the spaghetti in the bathroom
find the spaghetti in the bathroom
Please locate three items that are in the bathroom.
Robot please find three objects in the bathroom
Please me the weighty items from the towel rack
Please bring me the heaviest objects from the towel rack
Please meet Alex at the sink, then follow them to the bed.
Could you navigate to the sink , meet Alex , and follow them to the bed
Please meet Hayden at the bar and take them
Robot please go to the bar , meet Hayden , and take them
Please meet Jamie at the towel rack and go to the sink with them
Robot please go to the towel rack , meet Jamie , and follow them to the sink
Please meet Jordan by the counter and guide them to the kitchen.
Robot please meet Jordan at the counter , follow them , and navigate to the kitchen
Please meet Morgan and go with them
Could you please meet Morgan and accompany them
Please meet Morgan at the cutlery draw and go to the bedroom with them
Please go to the cutlery drawer , meet Morgan , and follow them to the bedroom
Please meet Morgan at the dawer and escort her.
Robot please navigate to the drawer , meet Morgan , and escort them
Please meet Morgan to guide her, Robot
Robot please meet Morgan and guide them
Please move the milk onto the wardrobe
put the milk on the wardrobe
Please move the towel that is on the fridge to the towel rack
pick up the towel from the fridge to the towel rack
Please pass me the pasta
Robot please give pasta to me
Please pick up the banana between the cutlery drawer and the tv couch
Could you pick up the banana from the cutlery drawer to the tv couch
Please pour some cereal into the bowl.
Robot please Pour some cereals into the bowl
Please put cereal into this bowl
Please Pour some cereals into the bowl
Please retrieve what is underneath the spoon from the fireplace and bring it to me.
Could you give me the object under the spoon from the fireplace
Please show Jordan how to get to the cupboard.
Please guide Jordan to the cupboard
Please take Alex to the shower from the drawer.
Could you please guide Alex from the drawer to the shower
Please take Michael to the bed.
Could you lead Michael to the bed
Please take Michael to the counter
lead Michael to the counter
Please take that melon to that coffee  table
take the melon to the coffee table
Please take the glass from the bedroom and put it in the sink
get the glass from the bedroom to the sink
Please take the pasta from the coffee table and give it to Taylor who is at the stove
pick up the pasta from the coffee table and give it to Taylor at the stove
Please take the toothpaste from the bookshelf and take it to Peyton who is at the bathtub
go to the bookshelf , find the toothpaste , and deliver it to Peyton at the bathtub
Please take this banana and put it on the armchair
take the banana and place it on the armchair
Please take this tea spoon to the person in the bathroom who points left
bring the tea spoon to the person pointing to the left in the bathroom
Please tell me how many people are standing in the corridor?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are standing
Please tell me how many people you see in the dining room who are lying down.
Tell me how many people in the dining room are lying down
Please tell me how the person in the living room is standing
Tell me the pose of the person in the living room
Please tell me the largest objects in the bathroom cabinet
give me the largest objects from the bathroom cabinet
Please tell me the three biggest things on that cabinet
Robot please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the cabinet
Please tell me what are the 3 thinnest objects on the toilet
Robot please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the toilet
Please tell me what the largest things on the side  table are
Tell me what's the largest objects on the side table
Please tell me what the three lights objects on the counter are.
Could you tell me which are the three lightest objects on the counter
Please tell me where the shampoo is in the dining room
locate the shampoo in the dining room
Please transfer the banana from the cutlery drawer to the tv couch.
Could you pick up the banana from the cutlery drawer to the tv couch
Pour cereal into the bowls.
Please Pour some cereals into the bowl
Pour some cereal into this bowl
Could you Pour some cereals into the bowl
Pour the cereal into the bowl please
Please Pour some cereals into the bowl
Put a coke on the high chair.
take the coke from the kitchen to the baby chair
Put some of the cereal into the bowl
Please Pour some cereals into the bowl
Put the big dish on the shower.
take the big dish and put it on the shower
Put the cereal in the bathroom cabinet
Could you bring the cereal to the bathroom cabinet
Put the cereal into the bathroom cabinet
Could you bring the cereal to the bathroom cabinet
Put the choco flakes to the left person in the dining room.
bring choco flakes to the pointing to the left person in the dining room
Put the coke on the bookshelf after you get it from the bedroom.
take the coke from the bedroom to the bookshelf
Put the melon on the coffee table.
take the melon to the coffee table
Put the small dish on the dining table
Please get the small dish to the dining table
Put the tea spoon on the counter
pick up the tea spoon and put it on the counter
Put the towel that is by the fridge on the towel rack.
pick up the towel from the fridge to the towel rack
Relay to me how many people in the hall are not girls.
Tell me how many people in the corridor are boys
Relocate to the dining room
Please go to the dining room
Report to me the number of people in the bathroom who are sitting
Tell me how many people in the bathroom are sitting
Report to me what the largest things that are on the drawer are
Tell me what's the biggest objects on the drawer
Report to me what the name of the person in the bedroom is
Tell me the name of the person in the bedroom
Retrieve the chocolate from the dresser and hand it to Jordan who is at the wardrobe
get the chocolate from the dresser and deliver it to Jordan at the wardrobe
Retrieve the pasta from the nightstand and deliver it to me.
bring me the pasta from the nightstand
Retrieve the teaspoon and put it on the counter.
pick up the tea spoon and put it on the counter
Retrieve what is to the right of the glass by the tv couch
Robot please bring me the object at the right of the glass from the tv couch
Robin is by the cupboard bring him the peach from the stove.
give to Robin at the cupboard the peach from the stove
Robin take the peach from the store at the cupboard.
give to Robin at the cupboard the peach from the stove
Robot please bring me the object on top of the shampoo from the fireplace
Robot please give me the object above the shampoo from the fireplace
Robot please give me the item that is left of the chocolate from the sofa
Robot please give me the object at the left of the chocolate from the sofa
Robot please go to the TV couch where you'll meet the shampoo and follow it.
Robot please navigate to the tv couch , meet the shampoo , and follow it
Robot which object is the smallest on the counter?
Tell me what's the smallest object on the counter
Robot, Jordan is at the counter, go over there and follow them, then go to the kitchen
Robot please meet Jordan at the counter , follow them , and navigate to the kitchen
Robot, can you please give me the object from the chair, above the chips?
give me the object above the chips from the chair
Robot, find Peyton at the freezer and go after them to the bedroom.
Robot please meet Peyton at the freezer , follow them , and go to the bedroom
Robot, follow Alex.
Robot please follow Alex
Robot, go to the armchair, find the cereal and accompany it
Robot please go to the armchair , meet the cereal , and follow it
Robot, how many people are lying down in the dining room?
Tell me how many people in the dining room are lying down
Robot, how many people are standing in the corridor?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are standing
Robot, meet robin at side table and guide them.
Robot please go to the side table , meet Robin , and lead them
Robot, name the three biggest objects on the microwave.
Robot please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the microwave
Robot, please bring me the heaviest things from the cupboard.
Robot please give me the heaviest objects from the cupboard
Robot, please find Jordan follow him and navigate to the kitchen.
Robot please meet Jordan at the counter , follow them , and navigate to the kitchen
Robot, please go to the bathroom, and tell the person in the room the time.
go to the bathroom , find someone , and tell the time
Robot, please tell me which objects are the largest three in the bathtub.
Robot please tell me which are the three largest objects on the bathtub
Robot, serve some cereal in a bowl.
Robot please Pour some cereals into the bowl
Robot, what are the lightest things in the dishwasher?
Tell me what's the lightest objects on the dishwasher
Robot, what are the three biggest items in the bathroom cabinet?
Robot please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the bathroom cabinet
Robot, what are the three largest things on the bar?
Robot please tell me which are the three largest objects on the bar
Robot, what is the thinnest object in the drawer?
Tell me what's the thinnest object on the drawer
Robot, who is in the kitchen?
Tell me the name of the person in the kitchen
Say a joke the person in the living room
find someone in the living room and say a joke
Say a joke to someone in the living room.
find someone in the living room and say a joke
Say how many people are on the floor of the dining room
Tell me how many people in the dining room are lying down
Say something about yourself to a man in the bathroom
find a male person in the bathroom and say something about yourself
Say the current week day to a person in the bedroom.
navigate to the bedroom , find someone , and say the day of the week
Say the time to the person you find in the bedroom
look for a person in the bedroom and say the time
Saying something about yourself to Tracy, who is in the bathroom
go to the bathroom , look for Tracy , and say something about yourself
Scan the bathroom cabinet and let me know which is the biggest object.
Tell me what's the largest object on the bathroom cabinet
Scan the coffee table and tell me which items are the three heaviest.
tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the coffee table
Scan the items on the microwave and inform me which are the largest.
Tell me what's the biggest objects on the microwave
Scan the objects on the bathtub and let me know which are the three biggest.
Robot please tell me which are the three largest objects on the bathtub
Seek for the coke in the bedroom.
find the coke in the bedroom
Select the heaviest thing on the bed, and bring it to me.
Could you please bring me the heaviest object from the bed
Serve Jordan pasta.
give pasta to Jordan
Set the cookies on the nightstand
put the cookies on the nightstand
Show Jordan to the cupboard
Please guide Jordan to the cupboard
Show me the heaviest objects placed on the sofa.
Tell me what's the heaviest objects on the sofa
Show me the thinnest object on the bathroom cabinet.
Tell me what's the thinnest object on the bathroom cabinet
Show me the three thinnest objects on the desk.
Please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the desk
State the number of items on the center table
Tell me how many objects there are on the center table
State the time after you find a boy in the corridor
navigate to the corridor , find a boy , and say the time
Stay with Jordan
follow Jordan
TELL A JOKE TO A PERSON SITTING IN THE DINING ROOM
locate a person sitting in the dining room and tell a joke
TELL A JOKE TO THE PERSON IN THE KITCHEN WHO IS RAISING THEIR LEFT ARM
tell a joke to the person raising their left arm in the kitchen
TELL ME THE NUMBER OF PEOPLE LYING DOWN IN THE BEDROOM.
Tell me how many people in the bedroom are lying down
Take Hayden from the bar to the cabinet.
guide Hayden to the cabinet , you may find them at the bar
Take Jamie to the drawer.
Could you lead Jamie from the center table to the drawer
Take Jordan from dresser to sofa
Please guide Jordan from the dresser to the sofa
Take Michael from the baby chair to the counter.
escort Michael from the baby chair to the counter
Take Michael from the towel rack to the side table
lead Michael to the side table , you can find them at the towel rack
Take Michael out of the baby chair and over to the counter.
escort Michael from the baby chair to the counter
Take Robin from center table to toilet.
lead Robin from the center table to the toilet
Take Taylor from sink to counter.
navigate to the sink , meet Taylor , and guide them to the counter
Take Taylor to the baby chair.
navigate to the baby chair , meet Taylor , and accompany them
Take a look at the living room, look for someone and answer a question.
navigate to the living room , look for someone , and answer a question
Take a tea spoon to Jordan at the nightstand
deliver the tea spoon to Jordan at the nightstand
Take the big dish and give it to Michael.
Could you deliver big dish to Michael
Take the big dish and give it to Morgan at the freezer.
deliver the big dish to Morgan at the freezer
Take the bowl to the cabinet.
bring the bowl from the bedroom to the cabinet
Take the cereal to Michael by the cutlery drawer.
deliver the cereal to Michael at the cutlery drawer
Take the cereal to Michael near the cutlery drawer
deliver the cereal to Michael at the cutlery drawer
Take the chips from the bathroom cabinet and put them on the drawer.
grasp the chips from the bathroom cabinet and place it on the drawer
Take the chips from the cabinet and  put them in the drawer
grasp the chips from the bathroom cabinet and place it on the drawer
Take the choco cereal and place it inside the fireplace
take the choco flakes and put it on the fireplace
Take the coca that is in the kitchen and take it to the baby's chair
take the coke from the kitchen to the baby chair
Take the cookies and place them on the nightstand.
put the cookies on the nightstand
Take the cookies from the sink and give them to me.
give me the cookies from the sink
Take the fork over to the microwave.
Could you please bring the fork to the microwave
Take the fork to the microwave.
Could you please bring the fork to the microwave
Take the glass thats in the bedroom to the sink
get the glass from the bedroom to the sink
Take the largest things from the side table and give them to me.
Could you bring me the biggest objects from the side table
Take the melon to the person in the bedroom who has their right arm raised.
deliver the melon to the person raising their right arm in the bedroom
Take the milk to the table please.
Please take the milk to the dining table
Take the napkin from the microwave and bring it to Michael at the chair
give to Michael at the chair the napkin from the microwave
Take the pasta and sit it on the bed.
place the pasta on the bed
Take the peach from the stove and give it to Robin.
give to Robin at the cupboard the peach from the stove
Take the pear from the coffee table to Nancy at the bed.
navigate to the coffee table , look for the pear , and bring it to Tracy at the bed
Take the pickles from the counter and deliver them to Hayden at the cutlery drawer.
go to the counter , find the pickles , and bring it to Hayden at the cutlery drawer
Take the pickles to the dishwasher.
bring the pickles to the dishwasher
Take the shampoo to the person raising their right arm in the living room.
bring the shampoo to the person raising their right arm in the living room
Take the small dish to the dining table.
Please get the small dish to the dining table
Take the spaghetti from the towel rack  and bring it to the shower
Could you please take the spaghetti from the towel rack to the shower
Take the tea spoon to the bathroom and give it to the person on the left
bring the tea spoon to the person pointing to the left in the bathroom
Take the teaspoon to the counter.
get the tea spoon to the counter
Take the tiniest object from the fireplace and give it to me.
Please give me the smallest object from the fireplace
Take the toothpaste out of the dishwasher and put it on the drawer.
grasp the toothpaste from the dishwasher and place it on the drawer
Take the tuna fish to Jamie
deliver the tuna fish to Jamie at the microwave
Take the tuna fish to Jamie by the microwave.
deliver the tuna fish to Jamie at the microwave
Take these pickles to Alex.
Could you bring pickles to Alex
Take this apple to Jordan at the cutlery drawer
deliver the apple to Jordan at the cutlery drawer
Tell Hayden the day of the week you will find him in the dining room.
look for Hayden in the dining room and say what day it is
Tell Michael in the bathroom which day it is.
navigate to the bathroom , locate Michael , and tell what day it is
Tell Michael, over at the stove, what day it is
tell what day it is to Michael at the stove
Tell Tracy what day it is in the living room
go to the living room , find Tracy , and say what day it is
Tell Tracy what day it is she is in the living room.
go to the living room , find Tracy , and say what day it is
Tell a joke to a girl in the dining room.
go to the dining room , find a girl , and tell a joke
Tell a joke to the girl in the dining room.
go to the dining room , find a girl , and tell a joke
Tell a joke to the man in the corridor.
look for a man in the corridor and say a joke
Tell a joke to the person in the kitchen.
find a person in the kitchen and say a joke
Tell a joke to the person sitting in the bedroom.
navigate to the bedroom , look for a person sitting , and tell a joke
Tell a joke to the person waving in the corridor.
go to the corridor , locate a person waving , and tell a joke
Tell a joke to the woman in the bathroom.
look for a woman in the bathroom and say a joke
Tell a joke to the woman you find in the bathroom
look for a woman in the bathroom and say a joke
Tell a person in the dining room a joke.
go to the dining room , locate a person , and say a joke
Tell me how many people are resting in the kitchen
Tell me how many people in the kitchen are sitting
Tell me how many people are women in the bedroom
Tell me how many people in the bedroom are women
Tell me how many people in the living room are not boys.
Tell me how many people in the living room are girls
Tell me if a male or female is in the bedroom.
Tell me the gender of the person at the bedroom
Tell me if a man or woman is sitting in the armchair.
Tell me the gender of the person at the armchair
Tell me the gender of the person in the living room
Tell me the gender of the person at the living room
Tell me the name of the largest item inside the washing machine
Tell me what's the largest objects on the washing machine
Tell me the number of trays in the frige
Tell me how many tray there are on the fridge
Tell me the three largest objects on the chair Robot.
Robot please tell me which are the three largest objects on the chair
Tell me what day it is as you look for the girl in the bedroom.
navigate to the bedroom , look for a girl , and say what day it is
Tell me what the largest item on the bookshelf is.
Could you please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the bookshelf
Tell me what the lightest objects on the wardrobe are
Tell me what's the lightest objects on the wardrobe
Tell me whats the most miniature item on the center table
Tell me what's the smallest object on the center table
Tell me where the objects in the bathroom are
locate the objects in the bathroom
Tell me, what are the most heaviest three objects on the microwave.
Could you please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the microwave
Tell person standing in corridor something about yourself.
locate a person standing in the corridor and say something about yourself
Tell someone in the dining room something about yourself
look for someone in the dining room and tell something about yourself
Tell something about yourself to a sitting person in the living room.
go to the living room , look for a person sitting , and tell something about yourself
Tell something yourself to the person with their right hand up in the kitchen
tell something about yourself to the person raising their right arm in the kitchen
Tell the boy in the bedroom about yourself.
navigate to the bedroom , look for a boy , and tell something about yourself
Tell the boy in the corridor what time it is
locate a boy in the corridor and tell the time
Tell the day of the week to the girl in the kitchen.
go to the kitchen , find a girl , and tell the day of the week
Tell the day of the week to the person standing in the bathroom.
locate a person standing in the bathroom and say the day of the week
Tell the day of the week to the woman in the living room
look for a female person in the living room and tell the day of the week
Tell the lady in the living room what day this is.
look for a female person in the living room and tell the day of the week
Tell the man in the living room something about yourself.
go to the living room , find a man , and say something about yourself
Tell the man in the living room what day it is.
find a male person in the living room and say the day of the week
Tell the person in the bedroom what time it is.
look for a person in the bedroom and say the time
Tell the person in the dining room what day it is.
find someone in the dining room and tell what day it is
Tell the person in the dining room what day of the week it is
go to the dining room , find a person sitting , and say what day it is
Tell the person in the kitchen something about yourself.
find a person in the kitchen and tell something about yourself
Tell the person in the living room with their arm raised what time it is
find a person raising their right arm in the dining room and tell the time
Tell the person lying down in the corridor what day of the week it is
go to the corridor , look for a person lying down , and say the day of the week
Tell the person lying in the living room to answer the question
find a person lying down in the living room and answer a question
Tell the person sitting in the bathroom what day of the week it is
go to the bathroom , find a person sitting , and tell the day of the week
Tell the person standing in the kitchen something about yourself.
navigate to the kitchen , find a person standing , and say something about yourself
Tell the person standing in the kitchen what day of the week it is.
go to the kitchen , locate a person standing , and say the day of the week
Tell the person who is in the livingroom raising their right arm what day of the week it is.
go to the living room , locate a person raising their right arm , and tell the day of the week
Tell the time to a female person in the corridor.
go to the corridor , look for a female person , and tell the time
Tell the time to the girl in the kitchen.
find a girl in the kitchen and tell the time
Tell the time to the person that is laying down in the bedroom.
go to the bedroom , look for a person lying down , and tell the time
Tell what day it is,to the person lying down in the bedroom
go to the bedroom , find a person lying down , and tell what day it is
The biggest objects in the washing machine, could you please bring them to me
Could you bring me the largest objects from the washing machine
The choco flakes need to be given to me.
Could you please give me the choco flakes
The heaviest object that is in bed, pro bring it to me
Could you please bring me the heaviest object from the bed
The person in the bathroom raising their arm ,please give them the apple.
Please give apple to the raising their left arm person in the bedroom
The person in the bathroom, please tell them the time.
go to the bathroom , find someone , and tell the time
The person in the kitchen please tell me their name.
Tell me the name of the person in the kitchen
The person in the living room has a question, answer it.
navigate to the living room , look for someone , and answer a question
The person in the living room has a question, go answer it.
go to the living room , locate a person , and answer a question
The person that is lying on the kitchen floor tell them the time Robot.
go to the kitchen , find a person lying down , and tell the time
The person to the right in the bedroom is asking you a question
answer a question to the person pointing to the right in the bedroom
The tea goes on the dining room table.
get the tea and put it on the dining table
The woman in the bathroom has a question that needs answering.
navigate to the bathroom , locate a woman , and answer a question
Their is a pasts in the bathroom.
locate the pasta in the bathroom
There are objects on the center table, which 3 are the lightest?
Please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the center table
There is a box in the living room. Look for it.
look for the box in the living room
There is a person in the kitchen that is raising their right arm. Bring the glass to them.
bring the glass to the person raising their right arm in the kitchen
There is an object located above the cereal from the fridge, can you please bring it to me
Could you please bring me the object above the cereal from the fridge
There is an object on the right of the beer from the fireplace, hand it to me.
give me the object at the right of the beer from the fireplace
There is how many boys in the living room?
Tell me how many people in the living room are boys
There's a girl in the kitchen, find her and then say the date please.
locate a female person in the kitchen and tell what day it is
There's an object behind the bowl by the washing machine. Can you give it to me?
Could you give me the object behind the bowl from the washing machine
There's an object to the right of the knife on the dining table, can you bring it to me?
Could you please bring me the object at the right of the knife from the dining table
Tracy is at the corridor and has a question.
find Tracy in the corridor and answer a question
Tracy is at the fridge. Please show her where the nightstand is.
guide Tracy to the nightstand , you will find them at the fridge
Trail Jordan
follow Jordan
Trail behind Robin.
follow Robin
What are the biggest objects in the drawer
Tell me what's the biggest objects on the drawer
What are the biggest objects in the drawer?
Tell me what's the biggest objects on the drawer
What are the flimsiest items on the bar
Tell me what's the lightest objects on the bar
What are the heaviest items on the coffee table
tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the coffee table
What are the heaviest objects in the sink please?
Tell me what's the heaviest objects on the sink
What are the heaviest objects in the sink?
Tell me what's the heaviest objects on the sink
What are the heaviest things on the fireplace please?
Could you tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the fireplace
What are the largest items in the microwave
Tell me what's the biggest objects on the microwave
What are the largest things on the dining table?
Tell me what's the largest objects on the dining table
What are the lightest objects on this desk please?
Tell me what's the lightest objects on the desk
What are the most small things on the fireplace?
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the fireplace
What are the skinniest objects on the couch?
Could you please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the tv couch
What are the smallest articles in the cabinet?
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the cabinet
What are the smallest objects at the washing machine?
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the washing machine
What are the smallest three objects on the sink?
tell me which are the three smallest objects on the sink
What are the thinnest objects on the fireplace?
Tell me what's the thinnest objects on the fireplace
What are the thinnest things on the sofa?
tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the sofa
What are the three biggest objects on the tub?
Robot please tell me which are the three largest objects on the bathtub
What are the three biggest things in the cabinet
Robot please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the cabinet
What are the three biggest things on the microwave?
Please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the microwave
What are the three biggest things on the middle table?
Could you please tell me which are the three largest objects on the center table
What are the three heaviest objects on the microwave?
Please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the microwave
What are the three heaviest things on the chair
tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the chair
What are the three huge objects on the nightstand
Could you tell me which are the three largest objects on the nightstand
What are the three largest items in the microwave
Please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the microwave
What are the three largest objects in the bathtub?
Please tell me which are the three largest objects on the bathtub
What are the three largest objects on top of the dresser?
Robot please tell me which are the three largest objects on the dresser
What are the three largest things on the cutlery drawer
Robot please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the cutlery drawer
What are the three lightest items sitting on the table
tell me which are the three lightest objects on the dining table
What are the three lightest objects on the armchair?
tell me which are the three lightest objects on the armchair
What are the three lightest things on the cutlery drawer?
Robot please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the cutlery drawer
What are the three lightest things on top of the microwave?
Could you please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the microwave
What are the three most thin objects on the toilet?
Robot please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the toilet
What are the three narrowest objects on the couch by the TV
Could you please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the tv couch
What are the three smallest items on that bookshelf
Please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the bookshelf
What are the three smallest items on the nightstand
Could you tell me which are the three smallest objects on the nightstand
What are the three smallest objects on the sink
tell me which are the three smallest objects on the sink
What are the three smallest objects on the stove?
Could you tell me which are the three smallest objects on the stove
What are the three smallest objects on the toilet
Robot please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the toilet
What are the three smallest objects on the towel rack?
Could you tell me which are the three smallest objects on the towel rack
What are the three smallest things on the towel rack please?
Could you tell me which are the three smallest objects on the towel rack
What are the three tiniest objects on top of the stove
Could you tell me which are the three smallest objects on the stove
What are three most thing on that desk there?
Could you tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the desk
What gender is person in corridor.
Tell me the gender of the person at the corridor
What gender is that person in the living room?
Tell me the gender of the person at the living room
What gender is the person in the corridor?
Tell me the gender of the person at the corridor
What is the biggest item on the washing machine
Tell me what's the largest object on the washing machine
What is the biggest object in the shower?
Tell me what's the largest object on the shower
What is the biggest thing in the microwave please?
Tell me what's the biggest objects on the microwave
What is the gender of person at the dining room.
Tell me the gender of the person at the dining room
What is the gender of the person at the wheelchair?
Tell me the gender of the person at the armchair
What is the gender of the person in the corridor?
Tell me the gender of the person at the corridor
What is the gender of the person in the living room
Tell me the gender of the person at the living room
What is the heaviest object on the desk?
Tell me what's the heaviest objects on the desk
What is the heaviest object on the fridge
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the fridge
What is the heaviest thing in the fridge please?
Tell me what's the heaviest objects on the fridge
What is the heaviest thing on the couch?
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the sofa
What is the heaviest thing on the fridge?
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the fridge
What is the largest object from the sink?
Robot please give me the biggest object from the sink
What is the largest object in the sink?
Tell me what's the biggest object on the sink
What is the left most item from the fridge?
Robot please give me the left most object from the fridge
What is the lightest object on the cupboard?
Tell me what's the lightest object on the cupboard
What is the lightest objects on the desk?
Tell me what's the lightest objects on the desk
What is the lightest thing in the cupboard please?
Tell me what's the lightest object on the cupboard
What is the lightest thing on the cutlery drawer please?
Tell me what's the lightest object on the cutlery drawer
What is the name of the chairperson?
Tell me the name of the person at the chair
What is the name of the person in the bedroom?
Tell me the name of the person in the bedroom
What is the name of the person in the kitchen?
Tell me the name of the person in the kitchen
What is the number of melon on the top of the dishwasher?
Could you please Tell me how many melon there are on the dishwasher
What is the object in the cupboard that is the heaviest?
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the cupboard
What is the pose of the person at the bathtub?
Tell me the pose of the person at the bathtub
What is the pose of the person in the bathroom?
Tell me the pose of the person in the bathroom
What is the pose of the person in the living room?
Tell me the pose of the person in the living room
What is the sex of the human in the corridor?
Tell me the gender of the person at the corridor
What is the smallest item in the cutlery drawer?
give me the smallest object from the cutlery drawer
What is the smallest item on the coffee table?
Tell me what's the smallest object on the coffee table
What is the smallest object on the counter?
Tell me what's the smallest object on the counter
What is the smallest objects on the freezer?
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the freezer
What is the smallest thing on the washing machine?
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the washing machine
What is the thinnest item in the dishwasher
Tell me what's the thinnest objects on the dishwasher
What is the thinnest object in the cupboard?
Tell me what's the thinnest objects on the cupboard
What is the thinnest thing in the bathroom cabinet
Tell me what's the thinnest object on the bathroom cabinet
What is the thinnest thing on the dishwasher?
Tell me what's the thinnest objects on the dishwasher
What is the thinnest thing on this cupboard?
Tell me what's the thinnest objects on the cupboard
What item in the microwave weight the least
Tell me what's the lightest object on the microwave
What item is the heaviest on the wardrobe?
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the wardrobe
What object on the microwave weighs the least?
Tell me what's the lightest object on the microwave
What objects on the bar weigh the least?
Tell me what's the lightest objects on the bar
What objects on the microwave are the largest?
Tell me what's the biggest objects on the microwave
What pose is that guy in the corridor doing.
Tell me the pose of the person in the corridor
What pose is the person in the bathroom
Tell me the pose of the person in the bathroom
What pose is the person in the dining room in?
Tell me the pose of the person in the dining room
What pose is the person standing in the bathroom
Tell me the pose of the person at the bathtub
What three objects in the cutlery drawer are the lightest?
Robot please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the cutlery drawer
What three objects on the nightstand are the largest?
Could you tell me which are the three largest objects on the nightstand
What's are the smallest objects on the dishwasher
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the washing machine
What's the biggest item on the sofa
Tell me what's the heaviest objects on the sofa
What's the biggest thing in the bathroom cabinet?
Tell me what's the largest object on the bathroom cabinet
What's the gender of the person in the corridor?
Tell me the gender of the person at the corridor
What's the gender of the person in the dining room
Tell me the gender of the person in the dining room
What's the heaviest thing on the desk
Tell me what's the heaviest objects on the desk
What's the heaviest thing on the sofa?
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the sofa
What's the largest object on the baby's chair?
Tell me what's the biggest objects on the baby chair
What's the largest object on the washing machine
Tell me what's the biggest object on the washing machine
What's the largest objects on the cabinet in the bathroom?
Tell me what's the largest objects on the bathroom cabinet
What's the largest objects on the washing machine?
Tell me what's the largest objects on the washing machine
What's the largest thing on the shower
Tell me what's the largest object on the shower
What's the lightest thing on the sofa
Tell me what's the lightest objects on the sofa
What's the name of the person
Tell me the name of the person in the corridor
What's the number of cookies on the cutlery drawer?
Tell me how many cookies there are on the cutlery drawer
What's the pose of the person at the bath
Tell me the pose of the person at the bathtub
What's the pose of the person in the dining room?
Tell me the pose of the person in the dining room
What's the smalled thing in the fridge?
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the fridge
What's the smallest object on the cabinet?
Tell me what's the smallest object on the cabinet
What's the smallest object on the center table?
Tell me what's the smallest object on the center table
What's the smallest thing on the coffee table
Tell me what's the smallest object on the coffee table
What's the thinnest item in the wardrobe.
Tell me what's the thinnest object on the wardrobe
What,s the pose of the person
Tell me the pose of the person in the corridor
What,s the smallest object in the fridge
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the fridge
Whats the biggest thing on the cutlery drawer?
Tell me what's the largest object on the cutlery drawer
Whats the biggest utensil in in the cutlery drawer?
Tell me what's the biggest object on the cutlery drawer
Whats the heaviest object in the fridge?
Tell me what's the heaviest objects on the fridge
Whats the smallest item on the toilet
Tell me what's the smallest object on the toilet
When you get to the corridor, find the waving person and come up with a joke
go to the corridor , locate a person waving , and tell a joke
When you see the person raising their right arm in the bedroom, give that person the melon.
deliver the melon to the person raising their right arm in the bedroom
Where is the napkin in the kitchen
locate the napkin in the kitchen
Where is the pasta in the bathroom?
locate the pasta in the bathroom
Which are the largest objects on the dining table.
Tell me what's the largest objects on the dining table
Which are the three biggest objects on the cabinet?
Robot please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the cabinet
Which are the three heaviest objects on the chair?
tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the chair
Which are the three largest objects on the tub
Please tell me which are the three largest objects on the bathtub
Which are the three lightest objects on the counter?
Could you tell me which are the three lightest objects on the counter
Which are the three thinnest things in the microwave?
Could you please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the microwave
Which is the biggest object on the washing machine
Tell me what's the largest object on the washing machine
Which is the largest object on top of the bar?
Tell me what's the biggest object on the bar
Which item in the microwave is the biggest?
Tell me what's the biggest objects on the microwave
Which item on the dishwasher weighs the least?
Tell me what's the lightest objects on the dishwasher
Which object is the least heavy on the sofa?
Tell me what's the lightest objects on the sofa
Which object is the lightest on the dishwasher?
Tell me what's the lightest objects on the dishwasher
Which object on the couch weighs the most?
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the sofa
Which object on the fridge is the heaviest?
Tell me what's the heaviest objects on the fridge
Which object on the sink is the thinnest?
Tell me what's the thinnest object on the sink
Which objects on the bathroom cabinet are the biggest Robot?
Robot please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the bathroom cabinet
Which of the three objects on the chair is the largest?
Robot please tell me which are the three largest objects on the chair
Which three items on the desk are the thinnest?
Could you tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the desk
Which three objects in the cabinet are the thinnest?
Please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the cabinet
Which three objects in the sink are the heaviest?
Could you please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the sink
Which three objects on the bar are the largest?
Robot please tell me which are the three largest objects on the bar
Which three objects on the fireplace are the smallest?
tell me which are the three smallest objects on the fireplace
Which three objests on the sink are the skinniest?
tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the sink
Which three things on that desk are the thinnest?
Please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the desk
Who is at the cabinet?
Tell me the name of the person at the cabinet
Who is in the bedroom?
Tell me the name of the person in the bedroom
Who is in the corridor?
Tell me the name of the person in the corridor
Who is in the living room?
Tell me the name of the person in the living room
Who is the person at the cabinet?
Tell me the name of the person at the cabinet
Who is the person at the counter?
Tell me the name of the person at the counter
Who is the person in the living room?
Tell me the name of the person in the living room
Who's in the bedroom
Tell me the name of the person in the bedroom
Who's in the living room
Tell me the name of the person in the living room
Whos sitting in the kitchen
Tell me how many people in the kitchen are sitting
You can find Alex by the toilet and then follow him
meet Alex at the toilet and follow them
You can go to the sink, all the length and width of the bed.
Could you navigate to the sink , meet Alex , and follow them to the bed
You may find Hayden at the cabinet in the bar.
guide Hayden to the cabinet , you may find them at the bar
answer Jordan's question who is at the dining table
answer a question to Jordan at the dining table
answer a question for a boy in the dining room
look for a boy in the dining room and answer a question
answer a question for the person in the kitchen
find a person sitting in the kitchen and answer a question
answer a question navigate to the bathroom to look for a female person
navigate to the bathroom , look for a female person , and answer a question
answer a question of a male person in the bedroom
look for a male person in the bedroom and answer a question
answer a question of a person that you will find sitting in the kitchen.
find a person sitting in the kitchen and answer a question
answer a question then navigate to the kitchen for sitting person to locate
navigate to the kitchen , locate a person sitting , and answer a question
answer someone's question who you will find in the dining room.
locate someone in the dining room and answer a question
answer the question of someone sanding in the corridor.
look for a person standing in the corridor and answer a question
answer the question of the boy in the dining room
go to the dining room , find a boy , and answer a question
answer the question of the person pointing to the right in the corridor
navigate to the corridor , find a person pointing to the right , and answer a question
answer the question to a female person in the kitchen
look for a female person in the kitchen and answer a question
answer the question to the boy who inside the living room
navigate to the living room , locate a boy , and answer a question
answer the question to the person in the living room with their left arm held up
go to the living room , look for a person raising their left arm , and answer a question
answer the question to the person standing in the bathroom
navigate to the bathroom , find a person standing , and answer a question
ask the person sitting in the dining room what day it is
go to the dining room , find a person sitting , and say what day it is
ask what day its is to the person in the corridor with their right arm up
go to the corridor , locate a person raising their right arm , and say what day it is
bing the big dish to the person in the corridor
give the big dish to the person pointing to the left in the corridor
bring hadyen the shampoo , hes in the baby chair
give the shampoo to Hayden at the baby chair
bring me an apple please
Could you deliver me the apple
bring me the bag
give the bag to me
bring me the biggest thing from the bathroom
give me the largest object from the toilet
bring me the choco flakes in the cabinet
go to the cabinet , find the choco flakes , and deliver it to me
bring me the chocolate
deliver me the chocolate
bring me the heaviest objects from the coffee table.
Could you please give me the heaviest objects from the coffee table
bring me the left most object from the center table.
Could you please bring me the left most object from the center table
bring me the lightest item from the coffee table
Could you give me the lightest object from the coffee table
bring me the lightest item off the washing machine
bring me the lightest objects from the washing machine
bring me the lightest object from the wash
bring me the lightest objects from the washing machine
bring me the object in the  bathroom cabinet under the coke
Please give me the object under the coke from the bathroom cabinet
bring me the object on top of the cookies in the shower
Could you please bring me the object on top of the cookies from the shower
bring me the shampoo from the sink
grasp the shampoo from the sink and bring it to me
bring me the smallest stuff in the sink
Could you give me the smallest objects from the sink
bring me the soap
Please deliver me the soap
bring me the thing on top of the cookies from the shower
Could you please bring me the object on top of the cookies from the shower
bring me the thing to the left of the peach in the cabinet
Robot please bring me the object at the left of the peach from the cabinet
bring me the thinnest thing from the counter
bring me the thinnest objects from the bar
bring me the toothpaste please.
bring the toothpaste to me
bring napkin to the person in the bathroom
Could you bring napkin to the pointing to the left person in the bathroom
bring the apple to the top of the counter
get the apple and put it on the counter
bring the bag at the nightstand to Taylor at the side table.
get the bag from the nightstand and deliver it to Taylor at the side table
bring the peach to the bathtub from the microwave
take the peach from the microwave to the bathtub
bring the pear to the sofa
bring the pear from the bathroom to the sofa
bring the tea to me
deliver the tea to me
bring the towel from the fridge over to the rack.
pick up the towel from the fridge to the towel rack
bring the tuna fish from the sofa to hayden by the mircowave
get the tuna fish from the sofa and give it to Hayden at the microwave
bring this bowl over to the person waving in the living room
Please deliver bowl to the waving person in the living room
can you bring be the thing from the coffee table thats on top of the glass
Could you give me the object on top of the glass from the coffee table
can you find the glasses in the bathroom
Could you locate the glass in the bathroom
can you meet morgan and show them the way?
Could you please meet Morgan and accompany them
can you please find Morgan and guide them
Robot please meet Morgan and guide them
can you please tell me what are the 3 biggest objects on the bookshelf
Could you please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the bookshelf
can you tell a joke to the man at the corridor?
look for a man in the corridor and say a joke
can you tell me what are the three thinnest objects in the dishwasher.
Please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the dishwasher
can you tell me what the three smallest objects on the sofa are
Could you please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the sofa
chase jordan
follow Jordan
could I have the lightest thing from the washing machine please
bring me the lightest objects from the washing machine
could u please present to me the lightest article from the washing machine
Could you please bring me the lightest objects from the washing machine
could u reveal to me which are the three biggest articles on the cabinet
Could you tell me which are the three largest objects on the cabinet
could you bring me the object in the fridge that is the furthest to the left
Robot please give me the left most object from the fridge
could you go to the cupboard and get me the tea spoon
bring me the tea spoon from the cupboard
could you meet tracy and the side table and guide her
Could you navigate to the side table , meet Tracy , and guide them
could you please get the toothpaste off the bookshelf and bring it to peyton at the bathtub
go to the bookshelf , find the toothpaste , and deliver it to Peyton at the bathtub
count the number of girls in the living room
Tell me how many people in the living room are girls
deliver the knife to robin
Could you deliver knife to Robin
disclose to me what's the heaviest item on the sofa
Tell me what's the heaviest objects on the sofa
disclose to me which are the three lightest articles on the fridge
Please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the fridge
find Michael at the bathroom cabinet and answer a question
answer a question to Michael at the bathroom cabinet
find Tracy at he fridge and guide them to nightstand
guide Tracy to the nightstand , you will find them at the fridge
find Tracy by cabinet and follow them to the corridor.
meet Tracy at the cabinet and follow them to the corridor
find a boy in the dining room and answer a question
look for a boy in the dining room and answer a question
find a boy in the dining room and answer a question then
go to the dining room , find a boy , and answer a question
find a boy in the dining room and tell him the time.
locate a boy in the dining room and say the time
find a girl in the dining room and tell me the date.
locate a girl in the dining room and tell what day it is
find a male person in the bedroom and answer his question
locate a male person in the bedroom and answer a question
find a male person on the bedroom and answer his question
go to the bedroom , locate a male person , and answer a question
find a man in the living room and say something about yourself
go to the living room , find a man , and say something about yourself
find a person in the bathroom to answer their question
navigate to the bathroom , look for someone , and answer a question
find a person in the living room to answer a question
find a person lying down in the living room and answer a question
find a person seated in the dining room and tell them a joke.
locate a person sitting in the dining room and tell a joke
find a person sitting in the dinning room and answer his question
navigate to the dining room , find a person sitting , and answer a question
find and tell someone about yourself in the kitchen
find a person in the kitchen and tell something about yourself
find hayden in the dining room and tell him what day it is
look for Hayden in the dining room and say what day it is
find me the things in the bathroom
locate the objects in the bathroom
find someone in the bedroom and tell me the answer
locate someone in the bedroom and answer a question
find someone in the kitchen and tell them something about yourself
find a person in the kitchen and tell something about yourself
find the apple located in the dining room
locate the apple in the dining room
find the biggest object on the cabinet and hand it to me
Could you please give me the largest object from the cabinet
find the box located in the living room
look for the box in the living room
find the box that is in the living room please
look for the box in the living room
find the boy in the bedroom and tell him something about yourself
go to the bedroom , locate a boy , and say something about yourself
find the choco flakes and bring them to the left person of the dining table
bring choco flakes to the pointing to the left person in the dining room
find the corridor where the beer is
Could you please look for the beer in the corridor
find the dining room and find a person to tell a joke too
navigate to the dining room , locate someone , and say a joke
find the fridge and bring me the object above the cereal
Could you please bring me the object above the cereal from the fridge
find the items in the living room
look for the objects in the living room
find the kitchen then locate Taylor, then tell her something about you
navigate to the kitchen , look for Taylor , and tell something about yourself
find the peach in the bathroom
locate the peach in the bathroom
find the person in the bathroom and answer their question
navigate to the bathroom , locate a person standing , and answer a question
find the person in the dining room and answer a question for them please
navigate to the dining room , locate a person standing , and answer a question
find the person in the dinning room tell them what day it is
navigate to the dining room , locate someone , and say what day it is
find the shampoo in the bathroom
locate the shampoo in the bathroom
find the smallest object at the fireplace and give it to me.
Please give me the smallest object from the fireplace
find the smallest object from the fireplace
Please give me the smallest object from the fireplace
find the smallest object on thecabinet and tellme
Tell me what's the smallest object on the cabinet
find the things in the living room
locate the objects in the dining room
find the thinnest object from the freezer and bring it to me
Robot please give me the thinnest objects from the freezer
find the three thinnest items on the sofa
tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the sofa
find the tiniest items on or in the dresser
Could you please bring me the smallest objects from the dresser
find way to corridor, find a person and tell the day
navigate to the corridor , find someone , and tell what day it is
find your way to the corridor, find a man and answer his question.
navigate to the corridor , locate a man , and answer a question
find your way to the kitchen, find a sitting person and answer a question
navigate to the kitchen , find a person sitting , and answer a question
find your way to the living room, find a person lying down and answer their question.
go to the living room , locate a person lying down , and answer a question
follow hayden after meeting them at the towel rack
meet Hayden at the towel rack and follow them
from the cabinet tell me which are the smallest objects
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the cabinet
from the dishwasher give me the box
give me the box from the dishwasher
from the word that is in the bedroom, tell me the name
Tell me the name of the person in the bedroom
get escort michael from baby chair and move to the counter
escort Michael from the baby chair to the counter
get me the beer that is on the tv couch
give me the beer from the tv couch
get me the fork
deliver the fork to me
get me the largest object from the counter
bring me the biggest object from the counter
get me the largest object on the coffee table
Could you bring me the biggest objects from the coffee table
get me the thinnest thing from the dishwasher
Could you give me the thinnest objects from the dishwasher
get mt the pear from the dresser
bring me the pear from the dresser
get shampoo for the person raising their right arm
bring the shampoo to the person raising their right arm in the living room
get the biggest object from the microwave and bring it to me
Could you please bring me the biggest object from the microwave
get the choco flakes out of the freezer
give me the choco flakes from the freezer
get the fork and give it to me
deliver the fork to me
get the item behind the shampoo that is on the stove
Could you please give me the object behind the shampoo from the stove
get the large dishes from the sink
Please bring me the largest objects from the sink
get the milk from the microwave and give it to me
give me the milk from the microwave
get the pickles and bring them to the dishwasher.
bring the pickles to the dishwasher
get the thinnest object from the fridge and give it to me
Could you please give me the thinnest object from the fridge
get the thinnest thing from the dishwasher
give me the thinnest object from the dishwasher
give me object it was under the tea spoon from the dresser
give me the object under the tea spoon from the dresser
give me the apple
Could you deliver me the apple
give me the object that is left of the choco flakes from the sofa
Could you give me the object at the left of the choco flakes from the sofa
give me the pear that is on the dresser
bring me the pear from the dresser
give me the shampoo in the sink
grasp the shampoo from the sink and bring it to me
give me the smallest thing in the washing machine
Please give me the thinnest object from the washing machine
give me the thing on the left in the fridge
Robot please give me the left most object from the fridge
give napkin to the person on the left in the bathroom
Could you bring napkin to the pointing to the left person in the bathroom
give robin the knife
Could you deliver knife to Robin
give the box to whoever is pointing to the right
give the box to the person pointing to the right in the bathroom
give the pickles at the baby chair to Taylor
give the pickles to Taylor at the baby chair
give the tea spoon to Micheal
Please give tea spoon to Michael
go after Peyton from the shower to the dining room
follow Peyton from the shower to the dining room
go and find a person in the living room and answer a question
go to the living room , look for a person , and answer a question
go and meet tracy at the towel rack and follow them and accompany them back
Could you meet Tracy at the towel rack , follow them , and accompany them back
go and say a joke to the person pointing to the left in the corridor
navigate to the corridor , look for a person pointing to the left , and say a joke
go and tell the man on the corridor a joke
navigate to the corridor , locate a man , and say a joke
go find a person standing in the bedroom and tell something about you
go to the bedroom , find a person standing , and tell something about yourself
go get me the object on the washing machine that is on the left
Robot please bring me the left most object from the washing machine
go get the bag and bring it to the person i am pointing to in the dining room
Could you please bring bag to the pointing to the right person in the dining room
go get the thing above the knife at the dresser
Could you please bring me the object above the knife from the dresser
go in the living room and look for a person lying down and answer a quesion.
navigate to the living room , find a person lying down , and answer a question
go in the living room and say what day it is to the person standing
navigate to the living room , find a person standing , and say what day it is
go look for Jordan in the bedroom and answer a question
find Jordan in the bedroom and answer a question
go near to the fridge , meet Tracy, and go along with them to the corridor
Could you please navigate to the fridge , meet Tracy , and follow them to the corridor
go see jaime and lead them
Please meet Jamie and escort them
go tell Tracy in the bathroom about yourself
go to the bathroom , look for Tracy , and say something about yourself
go tell a boy in the bathroom something about yourself
navigate to the bathroom , find a boy , and say something about yourself
go the bathroom and find someone whose question you will answer.
go to the bathroom , locate someone , and answer a question
go tho the bathroom where you will find a woman and tell her a joke.
go to the bathroom , look for a woman , and tell a joke
go to  the dining room and answer a question you will be asked
locate someone in the dining room and answer a question
go to bedroom
Please go to the bedroom
go to bedroom , see a boy , and say about yourself
go to the bedroom , locate a boy , and say something about yourself
go to bedroom and tell something about yourself to the standing person
go to the bedroom , find a person standing , and tell something about yourself
go to bedroom, find woman and answer her question.
navigate to the bedroom , locate a woman , and answer a question
go to dinning room , search for a person sitting , and say him what day it is
go to the dining room , look for a person sitting , and say what day it is
go to the armchair , take water ,and deliver it to Hayden who is in the bathtub
navigate to the armchair , find the water , and deliver it to Hayden at the bathtub
go to the bar and take Hayden
Robot please go to the bar , meet Hayden , and take them
go to the bathroom and answer the question
locate someone in the bathroom and answer a question
go to the bathroom and tell something about yourself to the person you will find there.
navigate to the bathroom , look for someone , and tell something about yourself
go to the bathroom get morgan and have her follow you
Please go to the toilet , meet Morgan , and lead them
go to the bathroom, find a female person and answer a question
navigate to the bathroom , look for a female person , and answer a question
go to the bathroom, find a sitting person to the left and answer his question.
navigate to the bathroom , locate a person pointing to the left , and answer a question
go to the bathtub and find the small dish and then deliver it to Robin who is at the cabinet
go to the bathtub , find the small dish , and deliver it to Robin at the cabinet
go to the bathtub to meet and follow jamie
navigate to the bathtub , meet Jamie , and follow them
go to the bedroom and answer the person who is pointing right
answer a question to the person pointing to the right in the bedroom
go to the bedroom and tell the person sitting what day today is
navigate to the bedroom , find a person sitting , and tell what day it is
go to the bookshelf, get the shampoo and bring it to me.
navigate to the bookshelf , find the shampoo , and deliver it to me
go to the boy from the bedroom and ask him something
go to the bedroom , look for a boy , and answer a question
go to the cabinet and when you see Taylor there, go after them and move to the hallway
meet Taylor at the cabinet , follow them , and navigate to the corridor
go to the cabinet, meet Jorgan and then go with the script
Could you meet Jordan at the cabinet , follow them , and go to the bedroom
go to the coffee table where you will find a pear and bring it to Tracy in bed
navigate to the coffee table , look for the pear , and bring it to Tracy at the bed
go to the corridor to find a person, and answer a question
look for a person standing in the corridor and answer a question
go to the corridor to find tracy, and answer a question
find Tracy in the corridor and answer a question
go to the cutlery drawer, find the banana and take it to the tv couch please
Could you pick up the banana from the cutlery drawer to the tv couch
go to the dining room
Please navigate to the dining room
go to the dining room and tell the person sitting what day it is
go to the dining room , find a person sitting , and say what day it is
go to the dining room, find a male person, and tell him something about yourself.
navigate to the dining room , locate a male person , and tell something about yourself
go to the dining room, get a girl, and respond to a question
navigate to the dining room , find a girl , and answer a question
go to the dinning room , see someone and say what day it is
navigate to the dining room , locate someone , and say what day it is
go to the dishwasher and get the smallest item out of it
Please bring me the smallest object from the dishwasher
go to the dishwasher and lead peyton to the sink
lead Peyton from the dishwasher to the sink
go to the drawer and take the spaghetti to morgan at the bathtub
navigate to the drawer , locate the spaghetti , and bring it to Morgan at the bathtub
go to the dresser bring me what under the tea spoon
give me the object under the tea spoon from the dresser
go to the fireplace, find Peyton and follow them to the center table.
Could you navigate to the fireplace , meet Peyton , and follow them to the center table
go to the hallway and look for someone who wants to ask you a question
go to the corridor , look for someone , and answer a question
go to the kitchen and find a woman, and tell me the time
navigate to the kitchen , find a female person , and say the time
go to the kitchen and find the napkin
locate the napkin in the kitchen
go to the kitchen and find the noodles
look for the noodles in the kitchen
go to the kitchen and tell a joke to the person raising their left arm.
tell a joke to the person raising their left arm in the kitchen
go to the kitchen to find the noodles
look for the noodles in the kitchen
go to the kitchen where you will find a person standing and tell them the day of the week.
go to the kitchen , locate a person standing , and say the day of the week
go to the kitchen, find a girl and answer her question.
navigate to the kitchen , look for a girl , and answer a question
go to the kitchen, find a person sitting and answer a question.
navigate to the kitchen , locate a person sitting , and answer a question
go to the living room and answer the question to the sitting person
go to the dining room , look for a person sitting , and answer a question
go to the living room and find Morgan and tell her a joke
navigate to the living room , look for Morgan , and say a joke
go to the living room and find a boy and answer the question.
navigate to the living room , find a boy , and answer a question
go to the living room and find a boy and then answer a question.
navigate to the living room , locate a boy , and answer a question
go to the living room and find me a knife
Robot please find the knife in the living room
go to the living room and find out how many people are laying down
Tell me how many people in the living room are lying down
go to the living room and tell me the person's pose
Tell me the pose of the person in the living room
go to the living room to find the boy and give an answer to the question
find a boy in the living room and answer a question
go to the living room, find a person lying down, and answer their question
navigate to the living room , locate a person lying down , and answer a question
go to the living room, find the person pointing left and answer their question
navigate to the living room , locate a person pointing to the left , and answer a question
go to the nightstand and anwer jamie
answer a question to Jamie at the nightstand
go to the person in the bathroom and answer a question
navigate to the bathroom , find someone , and answer a question
go to the sink and follow tracy to the refridgerator
navigate to the sink , meet Tracy , and follow them to the fridge
go to the toilet and get the heaviest item and bring it to me
Could you give me the heaviest object from the toilet
go to the towel rack and bring me the heaviest thing
Could you give me the heaviest objects from the towel rack
go to toilet and follow Alex
meet Alex at the toilet and follow them
go to toilet and lead Morgan
Please go to the toilet , meet Morgan , and lead them
go with Jamie who is at the tv couch to the stove.
accompany Jamie to the stove , you can find them at the tv couch
go with alex from the tv couch to the armchair
accompany Alex from the tv couch to the armchair
go with the objects from the shower to the stove.
Could you accompany the objects from the shower to the stove
goto the kitchen
Could you please navigate to the kitchen
grab the chocolate off the dresser and deliver to Jordan who is at the wardrobe
get the chocolate from the dresser and deliver it to Jordan at the wardrobe
grab the coca from the bedroom and take it to the shelf
take the coke from the bedroom to the bookshelf
grab the tiniest item off the coffee table
Robot please bring me the smallest object from the coffee table
guide jamie from the cabinet back to here
Please meet Jamie at the cabinet , follow them , and guide them back
hand me the largest item from the counter
bring me the biggest object from the counter
hand me whatever weighs the least from the dresser please
Could you please give me the lightest object from the dresser
hand the text box to the human that is pointing to the right inside the bathroom
give the box to the person pointing to the right in the bathroom
head to the bedroom and tell the person standing there something about yourself
go to the bedroom , find a person standing , and tell something about yourself
help me get the mug
give me the mug
hey robot get me the object to the right of the bar
Robot please give me the right most object from the bar
how does peyton get to the counter?
guide Peyton to the counter
how many cokes are left in the freezer
Robot please Tell me how many coke there are on the freezer
how many female are there in the living room
Tell me how many people in the living room are female
how many girls are in the bathroom
Tell me how many people in the bathroom are girls
how many melons are there in the dishwasher?
Could you please Tell me how many melon there are on the dishwasher
how many men are in the corridor
Tell me how many people in the corridor are men
how many men are in the living room
Tell me how many people in the living room are male
how many people are laying down in the living room
Tell me how many people in the living room are lying down
how many people are lying down in the bedroom
Tell me how many people in the bedroom are lying down
how many people are lying down in the corridor
Tell me how many people in the corridor are lying down
how many people are standing in the hall
Tell me how many people in the corridor are standing
how many people in the hallway are girls
Tell me how many people in the corridor are girls
how many people in the livingroom are male?
Tell me how many people in the living room are boys
how many people in this bathroom are female?
Tell me how many people in the bathroom are girls
idenify the three smallest things on the towel rack
Could you tell me which are the three smallest objects on the towel rack
in the baby's chair, what are the three heaviest objects?
Could you please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the baby chair
in the bedroom is a person laying down, go tell them what time it is
go to the bedroom , look for a person lying down , and tell the time
is the person in the corridor male or female
Tell me the gender of the person at the corridor
lead the object to the sofa
Please guide the objects from the bathtub to the sofa
let me know what the three lightest objects on the freezer are
tell me which are the three lightest objects on the freezer
let me know what the three thinnest objects on the sofa are
tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the sofa
lets go find the boy in the kitchen and say something about yourself
go to the kitchen , find a boy , and say something about yourself
lets go to the dining room
Please go to the dining room
locate a boy in the kitchen and say a thing about yourself
go to the kitchen , find a boy , and say something about yourself
locate a man then answer a question to navigate to the corridor
navigate to the corridor , locate a man , and answer a question
locate a person lying down in the living room and then answer a question
go to the living room , locate a person lying down , and answer a question
locate a standing person in the dining room and have them answer a question
navigate to the dining room , locate a person standing , and answer a question
locate the bathroom, find a boy and tell him something about yourself
navigate to the bathroom , find a boy , and say something about yourself
locate the living room, find a boy, and answer his question
navigate to the living room , find a boy , and answer a question
locate waving individual and give a fact about yourself.
find a person waving in the bathroom and tell something about yourself
look for a girl and navigate to the kitchen to anwer the question
navigate to the kitchen , look for a girl , and answer a question
look for a man in the living room and answer a question
go to the living room , look for a man , and answer a question
look for three objects in the bathroom
Robot please look for three objects in the bathroom
look in the dining for the cup
find the mug in the dining room
make cereal in the bowl
Please Pour some cereals into the bowl
make your way to the cabinet, get the choco flakes and bring them to me.
go to the cabinet , find the choco flakes , and deliver it to me
meet Peyton at the fireplace and guide them to the center table
Could you navigate to the fireplace , meet Peyton , and follow them to the center table
meet robin , then follow them and escort them
Could you please meet Robin at the counter , follow them , and escort them back
meet robin at the counter escort her back
Could you please meet Robin at the counter , follow them , and escort them back
move pringles from dining room to dishwasher.
pick up the pringles from the dining room to the dishwasher
move the bag fro the bookshelf to the side table
take the bag from the bookshelf and place it on the side table
move to the corridor, find an boy, and tell them what day it is today
go to the corridor , locate a boy , and say what day it is
navigate to bedroom, find sleeping person and tell them the time.
go to the bedroom , find a person lying down , and tell what day it is
navigate to corridor and find someone to tell what day it is
navigate to the corridor , find someone , and tell what day it is
of the people in the bathroom, how many are girls?
Tell me how many people in the bathroom are girls
of the people in the bedroom, how many are lying down?
Tell me how many people in the bedroom are lying down
of the people in the corridor, how many are men?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are men
of the people in the corridor, how many are women?
Tell me how many people in the corridor are women
of the people in the dining room, how many are male?
Tell me how many people in the dining room are male
pass Michael a tea spoon
Please give tea spoon to Michael
pass me the box on the dishwasher
give me the box from the dishwasher
pass me the fork.
give me the fork
pass me the object from the baby chair right of the chocolate
Could you give me the object at the right of the chocolate from the baby chair
pass me the pasta from the nightstand please
bring me the pasta from the nightstand
place the cookies on the nighstand
put the cookies on the nightstand
place the tea spoon on the counter
get the tea spoon to the counter
place the tray on the dishwasher
put the tray on the dishwasher
please answer a question to Jamie who is in the nightstand
answer a question to Jamie at the nightstand
please bring Michael the big dish
Could you deliver big dish to Michael
please bring me the bigest item from the couch by the tv
Could you please bring me the largest objects from the tv couch
please bring me the lighter objects that are on the sofa
Robot please give me the lightest objects from the sofa
please bring me the object near the fireplace under the spoon
Could you give me the object under the spoon from the fireplace
please bring me water
Robot please deliver water to me
please can I bring the object that from the baby's chair is on the lef
bring me the object at the left of the melon from the baby chair
please could you give me the lighter object of the board
Robot please give me the lightest object from the towel rack
please find the object to the right of the glass near the tv couch and bring it to me
Robot please bring me the object at the right of the glass from the tv couch
please find the objects in the dining room
locate the objects in the dining room
please find the three smallest objects that are on the bathroom cabinet
Could you please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the bathroom cabinet
please get me the farthest right object from the baby chair
Please bring me the right most object from the baby chair
please give me the privilege most items from the bar
Robot please give me the right most object from the bar
please give me the smallest object of the covered drawer
give me the smallest object from the cutlery drawer
please go after Taylor
Please follow Taylor
please go after Tracy
Robot please follow Tracy
please go to hayden in the baby char and answer his question
answer a question to Hayden at the baby chair
please go to the sink, find the peach, and follow it
Could you please navigate to the sink , meet the peach , and follow it
please look for three objects in the bathroom
Robot please look for three objects in the bathroom
please pass me the mug.
give me the mug
please present to me the smallest item from the dishwasher
Please bring me the smallest object from the dishwasher
please put cereal in the bowls
Please Pour some cereals into the bowl
please show alex the way from the drawer to the shower
Could you please guide Alex from the drawer to the shower
please sink, tell me what is the biggest object
Tell me what's the biggest object on the sink
please tell me from the bathroom how many people are sitting
Tell me how many people in the bathroom are sitting
please tell me what are the 3 heaviest objects that are in the dresser
Robot please tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the dresser
please tell me what the three smallest objects are that are on the nightstand
Could you tell me which are the three smallest objects on the nightstand
please tell the girl in the dining room what day it is
go to the dining room , locate a girl , and say what day it is
please tell what day of the week it is to the person in the living room raising their right arm
go to the living room , locate a person raising their right arm , and tell the day of the week
please the tuna, bring it to me
bring the tuna fish to me
please to Jorgan give pasta
give pasta to Jordan
pour cereal in the bowl
Please Pour some cereals into the bowl
proceed to the bedroom
Please go to the bedroom
put the apple on the side of the table
Please place the apple on the side table
put the banana on the center table
grasp the banana and place it on the center table
put the milk on the table in the dining room
Please take the milk to the dining table
put the pasta on the bed
place the pasta on the bed
put the peach on the drawer which is in the bathroom cabinet
go to the bathroom cabinet , locate the peach , and put it on the drawer
put the tea spoon on the bathroom cabinet
get the tea spoon and place it on the bathroom cabinet
put the tea spoon on the counter which is in the bathtub
go to the bathtub , locate the tea spoon , and put it on the counter
relocate knife from bed to cutlery drawer.
Could you please get the knife from the bed to the cutlery drawer
remind me what the smallest object on the toilet is
Tell me what's the smallest object on the toilet
remove the soap from the sink and put it in the towel rack
Please escort the soap from the sink to the towel rack
reply peyton at the cabinet
answer a question to Peyton at the cabinet
retrieve object behind bowl from the washing machine.
Could you give me the object behind the bowl from the washing machine
retrieve the soap
bring the soap to me
retrieve the water from the armchair take it to hayden in the bathroom
navigate to the armchair , find the water , and deliver it to Hayden at the bathtub
reveal to me what's the heaviest article on the cupboard
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the cupboard
reveal to me what's the slender article on the drawer
Tell me what's the thinnest objects on the drawer
robot bring me three things from the bathroom
Robot please find three objects in the bathroom
robot go meet jamie at the towel rack and follower her to the sink
Robot please go to the towel rack , meet Jamie , and follow them to the sink
robot go to the bed and get the knife to the cutlery drawer
Could you please get the knife from the bed to the cutlery drawer
robot please go to the counter and get me the object behind the chocolate
Robot please give me the object behind the chocolate from the counter
say a joke to a man in the corridor
look for a man in the corridor and say a joke
say the time then locate a boy in the dining room
locate a boy in the dining room and say the time
say the time to the person in the corridor
go to the corridor , locate a person , and say the time
search for the box in the front room
look for the box in the living room
search for the glass in the bathroom
locate the glass in the bathroom
share with me how many sponges you see on the cutlery drawer
Tell me how many sponge there are on the cutlery drawer
show Peyton the way from the dishwasher to the sink
lead Peyton from the dishwasher to the sink
take Jamie from the dining table to the side table
Could you please lead Jamie from the dining table to the side table
take Michael to the kitchen counter
lead Michael to the counter
take taylor to the bathroom cabinet there you will find the wardrobe
lead Taylor to the wardrobe , you may find them at the bathroom cabinet
take the bag from the cabinet to the bar
take the bag from the cabinet and put it on the bar
take the bag from the microwave and give it to Alex at the dining table.
give to Alex at the dining table the bag from the microwave
take the bag from the microwave and give to alex at the dining table
give to Alex at the dining table the bag from the microwave
take the cereal to the cabinet in the bathroom
Could you bring the cereal to the bathroom cabinet
take the spaghetti from the drawer to morgan in the bath tub
navigate to the drawer , locate the spaghetti , and bring it to Morgan at the bathtub
take the teaspoon to the person in the bathroom pointing left
bring the tea spoon to the person pointing to the left in the bathroom
take this glass to the kitchen and hand it to the person raising their right arm
bring the glass to the person raising their right arm in the kitchen
take this melon to the table in the living room
take the melon to the coffee table
take this milk to the dining room table
Please take the milk to the dining table
take this tea spoon to the counter
get the tea spoon to the counter
take to the washing machine the flakes of choco
bring the choco flakes to the washing machine
tell a joke then locate a person sitting in the dining room
locate a person sitting in the dining room and tell a joke
tell a joke to the woman in the bathroom
go to the bathroom , look for a woman , and tell a joke
tell me about the three biggest objects on the bed
Could you please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the bed
tell me who the person at the baby chair is
Tell me the name of the person at the baby chair
tell the day of the week to a female person you will find in the living room
look for a female person in the living room and tell the day of the week
tell the person in the living room what day it is
go to the living room , locate someone , and tell what day it is
tell the person pointing to the right in the corridor the time
navigate to the corridor , locate a person pointing to the right , and say the time
tell the person standing in the kitchen the day of the week
go to the kitchen , locate a person standing , and say the day of the week
tell the person to raise the arm in the kitchen then tell a joke
tell a joke to the person raising their left arm in the kitchen
tell the time to a girl you will find in the kitchen
find a girl in the kitchen and tell the time
tell the time to the person on the bathroom
navigate to the bathroom , look for a person , and tell the time
the shampoo could you bring it to me please
Please bring me the shampoo
there is a person in the living room with their right arm up and answer them
go to the living room , look for a person raising their right arm , and answer a question
there is an object at the right of the glass from the tv couch. Robot please bring it to me
Robot please bring me the object at the right of the glass from the tv couch
there is an object under the spoon by the fireplace, can you bring it to me
Could you give me the object under the spoon from the fireplace
walk to the dining room and ask the person sitting there what day it is
go to the dining room , look for a person sitting , and say what day it is
walk to the kitchen to find Taylor and tell him something about yourself
navigate to the kitchen , look for Taylor , and tell something about yourself
walk to the kitchen when you see a person standing, you say something about yourself
navigate to the kitchen , find a person standing , and say something about yourself
what 3 objects on the dining table have the lightest weight
tell me which are the three lightest objects on the dining table
what are the 3 biggest items on the fireplace
Could you tell me which are the three largest objects on the fireplace
what are the 3 least heavy items on the armchair
tell me which are the three lightest objects on the armchair
what are the heaviest things in the sink
Tell me what's the heaviest objects on the sink
what are the smallest objects objects on the fridge?
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the fridge
what are the three biggest objects in sink?
Please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the sink
what are the three biggest things on top of the fireplace
Could you tell me which are the three largest objects on the fireplace
what are the three heaviest objects on the coffee table
tell me which are the three heaviest objects on the coffee table
what are the three largest items on top of the microwave
Please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the microwave
what are the three lightest items on the middle table
Could you please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the center table
what are the three lightest objects inside fridge
tell me which are the three lightest objects on the freezer
what are the three lightest objects on the coffee table
Could you please tell me which are the three lightest objects on the center table
what are the three smallest things on the fireplace
Robot please tell me which are the three smallest objects on the fireplace
what are the three thinnest items in the sink
tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the sink
what are the three thinnest objects on the sink?
tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the sink
what are the three tiny little items in the fireplace
tell me which are the three smallest objects on the fireplace
what gender is the person in the dining room?
Tell me the gender of the person in the dining room
what is the biggest thing on the bar
Tell me what's the biggest object on the bar
what is the biggest thing on the dining room table?
Tell me what's the largest objects on the dining table
what is the heaviest item on the wardrobe
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the wardrobe
what is the lightest object on the bar
Tell me what's the lightest object on the bar
what is the lightest thing on the desk
Tell me what's the lightest objects on the desk
what is the name of the person at the cabinet?
Tell me the name of the person at the cabinet
what is the person in the bathroom doing?
Tell me the pose of the person in the bathroom
what is the person in the living room's name?
Tell me the name of the person in the living room
what is the pose of the person at the armchair
Tell me the pose of the person at the armchair
what is the pose of the person in the corridor?
Tell me the pose of the person in the corridor
what is the skinniest thing in the cupboard?
Tell me what's the thinnest objects on the cupboard
what is the smallest thing you see on the fireplace
Tell me what's the smallest objects on the fireplace
what is the thinnest object in the wardrobe
Tell me what's the thinnest object on the wardrobe
what is the thinnest thing on the bathroom cabinet
Tell me what's the thinnest object on the bathroom cabinet
what items are the largest on the microwave
Robot please tell me which are the three biggest objects on the microwave
what's the object on the cupboard that weighs the most
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the cupboard
whats the biggest thing on top of the washing machine
Tell me what's the largest object on the washing machine
whats the lightest thing in the cupboard
Tell me what's the lightest object on the cupboard
whats the number of females in the living room
Tell me how many people in the living room are female
where is the shampoo in the dining room
locate the shampoo in the dining room
which object on that cupboard is the heaviest?
Tell me what's the heaviest object on the cupboard
which three things on the desk are the skinniest?
Please tell me which are the three thinnest objects on the desk
would you please pour some cereals into the bowl?
Please Pour some cereals into the bowl
